,subreddit,title,selftext
0,CatAdvice,My cat is getting spayed on Thursday,[removed]
1,CatAdvice,Cat ate string and making me paranoid,[removed]
2,CatAdvice,Trying to introduce two cats. Any advice is welcomed,[removed]
3,CatAdvice,Potty problem,[removed]
4,CatAdvice,Kitten vomitting with Fancy Feast Pate,[removed]
5,CatAdvice,Our Kitten (9 mo) has started doing a limp(?) walk away from her food bowl and no where else?,[removed]
6,CatAdvice,"2 cats, 1 is only nice to one partner but constantly attacks other spouse, what can we do?",[removed]
7,CatAdvice,"Cat got neutered, some type of glue is on his belly. How can I get this off? Why is it even there?",[removed]
8,CatAdvice,Heeeelp - any advice for cats who only wake up at 5am?,[removed]
9,CatAdvice,my cat keeps knocking over water fountain,My girlfriend's cat is around two years old and has always knocked over his water fountain. He has a water fountain so it's moving water and we've tried quite a few different things but nothing really works. Any recommendations?
10,CatAdvice,"Cat's recurring cough, anyone had this experience?",[removed]
11,CatAdvice,Whiskas perfect portions feedback,"Seeking some feedback on Whiskas - for background my cat is 5, no health concerns, all wet food diet. All the posts I've read here say not to give your cat Whiskas (most equate it to mcdonalds for your cat...)

I saw they have a new product (or at least new in Canada) - whiskas perfect portions. According to their packaging, they are formulated to meet AAFCO. The ingredients (for the beef flavour) are: BEEF, CHICKEN, WATER, POULTRY LIVER, POULTRY BROTH, VITAMINS AND MINERALS, COLOUR, GUAR GUM, SODIUM TRIPOLYPHOSPHATE, FISH OIL (PRESERVED WITH MIXED TOCOPHEROLS), DL-METHIONINE, TAURINE, SALT.

Honestly, these seem pretty solid and I'm tempted to try them with my cat. I'm hesitant because of all the Whiskas naysayers and would love any feedback! I just want to make sure I'm giving my cat something healthy but also would love to back it up if people think I'm being a bad cat parent!"
12,CatAdvice,Best cat litter for long-haired cat with chronic diarrhea?,[removed]
13,CatAdvice,Collapsed trachea in pets,[collapsed trachea in pets](https://pawprintoxygen.com/collapsing-trachea-in-pets/)
14,CatAdvice,Moving across states with my almost 8 year old indoor black cat. How can I make him more comfortable? Is this a bad idea?,
15,CatAdvice,Odd behavior after dental extractions,[removed]
16,CatAdvice,What are some pro-tips you think other owners should know?,[removed]
17,CatAdvice,Any tips or advice on introducing a cat with dementia to another new cat?,"I have to move to my grandma’s house on very short notice and I have two cats (both a little over 1 years old, both neutered). My grandma has a very old cat (17 year old girl, neutered) I do also have to rearrange furniture in the bedroom for my job and I know this will cause a lot of stress on the family cat but I really don’t have other options… and I don’t want to give my two cats away because I love them so much. If there’s any advice someone could give on introducing two cats to an old dementia kitty I would appreciate it so much."
18,CatAdvice,need advice regarding how to handle newly adopted kitten w/ URI,"hey all! my boyfriend and I recently adopted a 4.5 month old kitten from the humane society where we live. we had a free check up and since he’s been a bit sneezy, we went ahead and took him to get looked at…! 
turns out he does have a URI. we got the medicine he needs - but I’m worried about my adult cat! 
we haven’t been quarantining them, we figured since the kitten was fine the first couple of days and had all of his shots it would be okay for them to touch noses and try to get to know each other. our older kitty hasn’t been sneezing or anything, but if he does start we will take him to get medicine asap.
i do have a few questions though:
- should we go ahead and keep them completely separate now? I don’t want them passing it back and forth a million times, if that’s possible
- do I need to get older kitty medicine and go ahead and start giving it to him? or is there any way to be preventative about this or do I just need to wait for him to show symptoms?
- do we need to wash/change clothes between the two of them?
- how long after being given medicine for it is my new kitten contagious? 


sorry for all the questions, I want to make sure I handle all of this the right way. I’ve never had a cat with a URI before so I want to make sure to nip it in the butt as quickly as possible!"
19,CatAdvice,Over grooming/fur pulling?,"Hi everyone, my girl is a 14 y.o domestic shorthair and I catch her quite often pulling out small chunks of fur while she is grooming. We’ve helped brush her on multiple occasions thinking she was frustrated with loose fur/annoyed with shedding but that didn’t seem to help her much. I’ve notice more times than not that she will mainly pull the fur from the base of her tail the most. Her vet appointment isn’t until mid December unfortunately, any clues?"
20,CatAdvice,Any tips or advice on introducing a cat with dementia to another new cat?,I have to move to my grandma’s house on very short notice and I have two cats that I’ve been caring for over a year. I consider them my babies. I do also have to rearrange furniture in the bedroom for my job and I know this will cause a lot of stress on the family cat but I really don’t have other options… and I don’t want to give my two cats away because I love them so much. If there’s any advice someone could give on introducing two cats to an old dementia kitty I would appreciate it so much.
21,CatAdvice,First time in heat,[removed]
22,CatAdvice,Can’t get cat to come home,[removed]
23,CatAdvice,Traveling with kitten / cat,[removed]
24,CatAdvice,"Best practices for adjusting from a two kitty household, to a one cat household, and then back to two?",[removed]
25,CatAdvice,Adopted a cat that’s still nervous,"Hi everyone. Just wondering if anyone has gone through something similar and can help give advice from their experiences. I adopted a cat 3 weeks ago. She was very nervous at first and we just kind of left her to it when we brought her home, didn’t approach her just left her to figure out her surroundings first. Majority of the time she would just hideaway and either eat her food, use her litter tray or play when we were out of the house or at night. The house has plenty of safe hiding spaces for her and we’ve even got feliway plug ins to try relax her. We were able to start playing with her with a wand toy and she was happily playing. 

We then took her to the vets last week because she had a funny looking eye from previous trauma and wasn’t up to date on vaccines. After the vets she hid under out TV unit (a new space she hadn’t been in before) and now spends most of her time there. She’s still playing, eating, using the litter tray overnight but she just seems even more terrified now. 

I am feeling a little hopeless that she will never trust us. But I also accept it’s only been 3 weeks since she moved in with us. Any tips or advice would be hugely appreciated. Thanks :)"
26,CatAdvice,Cats (male/2 and female/5 both neutered) keep waking me up playing at 4:00am,"I have two cats, Nepher and Billy.  Every morning around 3 or 4 am, Billy wakes up and wants to play.  Problem is, he always wants to play with Nepher and she sleeps on my bed with me.  My bed instantly transforms from a quiet place for me to sleep into a playground for hyperactive cats.  Sometimes, Nepher doesn’t want to play and she’ll hiss or growl at Billy.  

They both know that the first thing I do when I wake up is feed them and in the morning is when they get canned food so they’re especially excited to eat then.  I know feeding them will quiet them down but I also know that waking up and feeding them at 4am is just begging for them to get some bad habits.  I can kick Billy out of the bedroom and get some sleep but I don’t like kicking him out.

Any advice on what I can do to get my cats to let me get a full nights sleep?"
27,CatAdvice,recommend sedative for flying with cat,[removed]
28,CatAdvice,Any crochet or knitters have tips on how to keep your cat from decimating your yarn when it’s in their eyesight?,[removed]
29,CatAdvice,Kitten wheezing?,"I’ve noticed my 7 month old kitten has been making a sighing sound when he’s napping or sitting there. I thought it was sighing, but it sounds more like a wheeze. He seems fine otherwise. He runs around. This has been happening for a couple months. 

Should I schedule a vet appointment? I don’t really have the money but I will if anyone here has any insight."
30,CatAdvice,Cat Scratches at the Couch and Gags?,[removed]
31,CatAdvice,Introducing older cat and a young one,[removed]
32,CatAdvice,My kitten has just passed away and I don’t know what to do.,[removed]
33,CatAdvice,Adopted new cat who likes my closet,[removed]
34,CatAdvice,I failed my foster to adopt and have to take him back to the shelter. Will he feel abandoned?,"A few months ago someone dumped a sweet kitty, around 2 or 3yo, in the parking lot of my apartment. I gained his trust and was able to catch him and drop him off at the pound. I offered to take him for a ""trial run"" after he was neutered and given his shots because one, he already trusted me, and two, this is a rural area and the shelter is small and just totally full of kitties. He was so friendly, and I felt like we had a bond, so I was willing to try and adopt him.

I never heard back from the pound and after 1.5 months I found him at the PetSmart up for adoption. I was able to take him finally for a trial run/foster to adopt period. We've had him for about 2 months. From the start he was the most goofy, hyper, loving kitty. I'm totally attached. The problem is, the resident kitty, around 8yo, is NOT. We did the Jackson Galaxy intro method throughout the whole 2 months he's been here. Resident cat still hates his guts and constantly hisses and swats at him whenever he is nearby. He wants to play with her but she can't stand him and is more of a couch potato. I had really hoped they'd become friends. We also found out my partner is really allergic to him (but not resident kitty, for some reason). Finally, I think my apartment is just too small for a cat with his energy level when he has no playmates besides me, and I work :( 

Anyway, I asked the pound if I could just foster him, but they said I have to bring him back if I'm not going to adopt him. My question is-- will he be scared or lonely or confused when I take him back? I feel so guilty and like I failed him. They said they would either put him in the communal cat room so he can play and socialize, or they would send him back to PetsMart. I hope he would get adopted quickly because of how friendly and cute he is."
35,CatAdvice,Any explanation for why he does this?,[removed]
36,CatAdvice,Why does my cat love the smell of old dish rags?,"You know that smell dish cloths get when they’re dirty? My cat LIVES for that scent. 

If even a slight bit of it is on my hand from wiping a counter before realizing or so, he is all over me! 

When they came out of the wash one day and weren’t quite cleaned, I threw them back in the hamper to rewash and he jumped in and rolled around on them for an hour. 

In my kitchen cabinet, I hang old cloths and when they’re dry, throw them in a bucket for washing. The bucket was gone so I was just throwing them in the bottom of the cabinet and he took it upon himself to break into the cabinet, pull out all the cloths and roll in them!

What on earth makes this scent so intoxicating to my cat?"
37,CatAdvice,seeking an auto feeder for wet food with a stainless steel or ceramic bowl?,"hi all, 

my cat has acne, and i am desperate to switch him to a stainless/ceramic bowl. the problem is he uses an automatic feeder and will wake us up extremely early without it; we've tried pushing up his meal times, but he's insistent, and the autofeeder is the only solution we've found to keep us all happy.

i can't seem to find any options for wet food feeders that don't have plastic bowls. does anyone have any advice about how we can fix this? we currently use [this](https://www.chewy.com/cat-mate-c500-digital-5-meal/dp/154555) one (but with 3 compartments, not 5)."
38,CatAdvice,Foster cat will not poop inside litter box and has runny eyes,[removed]
39,CatAdvice,we have 2 cats one male and one female. the female gets urinary Trac infection about 2 times a month.,[removed]
40,CatAdvice,cat bites me really hard whenever i need to leave the apartment,"my cat is about a year and a half old. i give him tons of attention and play with him when i’m at home, but any time i put on my shoes to leave he begins stalking me and biting my legs really hard. i’m typically never gone for more than 5 hours at a time. he never bites me like this when i’m not about to leave the house. i was wondering if anyone knows why he does this and could give any advice on how to train him not to."
41,CatAdvice,Cat stares at us when cuddling,"Hi everyone. I’m hoping to get some insight into what’s going on in my friends car when this happens. 

To tell a bit about her, she does her own thing like all cats do and she likes affection sometimes. 

Sometimes she goes on the kitchen counter top when we’re there and comes to me for affection. She does that thing where after a pet her she turns around and shows me her butt which I learned recently is a sign of trust, so that’s great and all. But what I’m curious about now is her staring thing. 

So there’s a coffee table between the couch where we sit and the tv. When my friend and I are just lying there cuddling or start making out she would just jump up onto the table, face US not the tv, curl her tail around her body and just stare at us. I feel like she gets up onto the coffee table so she’s eye level with us. 

She doesn’t sit directly in front of the tv because there’s a large gap between the table and the tv, so she’s not looking for warmth from the tv screen (like I read in other posts). And when she sits there it’s directly in front of us and right in our line of sight so she’s basically blocking the tv screen with her body. 

I’m just curious to know what’s going on in her head, her motives, if it’s curiosity towards us making out and she wants a front row seat or what. Any insight would be greatly appreciated about the staring but moreso about why she gets directly in our line of sight of the tv and sits there. Attention? Jealousy? 

Thank you 😃"
42,CatAdvice,Christmas Tree with new cat - tips please,[removed]
43,CatAdvice,Should I get a new vet?,[removed]
44,CatAdvice,Why are cats so ungrateful?,[removed]
45,CatAdvice,Cat taking Fluoxetine and is worse?,[removed]
46,CatAdvice,Male cat taking longer to pee than female cat,[removed]
47,CatAdvice,Feline herpes ?,[removed]
48,CatAdvice,My kitten poops and pees outside his litterbox,[removed]
49,CatAdvice,how do i work with a cat that wakes up at everything?,[removed]
50,CatAdvice,Persistent flea issues,[removed]
51,CatAdvice,Getting Cats to Eat Their Own Food?,[removed]
52,CatAdvice,"Moving house, need some advice please",[removed]
53,CatAdvice,Overweight cat is always hungry - what can we do?,[removed]
54,CatAdvice,"I have 2 cats who are siblings but of different cat coat, and one of them consistently attacks the other",[removed]
55,CatAdvice,Any considerations before adopting?,"So I'm (28F) currently going through a breakup and I'm left with the prospect of a very empty house once my partner moves out. My sister suggested maybe getting a cat and it's planted the thought in my mind. 

Firstly, I understand that I can't just get a cat to rely on to fill my loneliness, that's not really the point. I've always been an animal lover and I'm a vegan so I have plenty of respect for animals. I'd like to adopt because there are plenty of cats out there who deserve a loving home, I don't need to go to a breeder. 

My question is, what do I need to consider before I commit to this? I have previously had family pets but nothing I have solely been responsible for. I have a decent sized house with a garden in a quiet, friendly neighbourhood. No kids. My work is very varied, some days WFH, some days out 8-5, some days half and half. 

Any advice is much appreciated 😊"
56,CatAdvice,wonderful cat introduction (wanted to share what i did),"i brought tina (1yr female) into my home w/ socs (1yr male) about 3 weeks ago. the first week was rough, lots of hissing and fighting- i separated them and bought numerous pheromone diffusers. after about a week, i let her out into the rest of the apartment (with access to her room still). the hissing and light fighting continued, however i just let them figure it out on their own. today they are besties, no hissing, just play and cuddles. i still separate them at night so i can get some sleep, but otherwise they are coexisting wonderfully and i couldnt be happier!"
57,CatAdvice,the stray cat finally trusts me,"So a little follow-up from my last post where I was wondering how to get the stray cat inside. It ended up that I didn't need to use a trap as she let me pet her so I just picked her up and brought her inside. She was timid at first but warmed up to me incredibly quickly. She lets me pet her and rubs up on me and weirdly enough enjoys head-butting me and licking me. I'm going to take all of this as a good sign.  She did have a microchip and the vet did attempt to contact her owner but the number was incorrect and they appear to have moved elsewhere.  

So I have decided to adopt her. My only issue now is she isn't really confident going about my house. she's very unsure of her surroundings and I do not know if there is anything I can do to help settle her in.  Also, I had a very hard first night with her. She really didn't want to be alone so I let her stay in my room and she finally decided to sleep at 2 am and periodically woke up to groom herself. She then woke me up at 6 am with a dead mouse in her mouth. and demanded pets.   


What can I do to help her feel more at ease and also settled into the new environment? Is there any sort of behavior I need to be encouraging or discouraging? I read online that overgrooming is something cats do when stressed. So how do I stop it?"
58,CatAdvice,Kittens shedding loads,"My kittens are 7 months old . They've shed fur here and there and we brush them once a day or every couple days. Over the last week, the male kitten has started to shed much more. Last night we were joking about our female kitten being hypoallergenic because she barely shed compared to our male kitten. 

This morning she walked across my desk for some pets and *there were fur flying as she walked*. His shedding got worse too - one pet from head to tail and you are rewarded with tufts of fine fur. 

I'm assuming this is pretty normal as it's getting to proper winter where we are? The problem is we just brushed the kittens for a solid 3 minutes and you can still gently pull/pinch fur out! If you just gently pull on a tuft of fur you'd get around 6-10 strands of fur and this is after brushing that area.

Welcoming any tips and tricks to managing this!"
59,CatAdvice,"Hello guys, I have 6 cats, only 2 has urinary problems, can all of them eat Hills Urinary Care c/d multicare?","Hey guys so I’m in a dillema, 2 of my boys started peeing less amounts so the vet gave medications and asked to be put on Hills urinary care c/d, they’ve since been peeing a lot and I’m happy but I just got a 6kg bag cause one of the vet told me they all can be on urinary care hills c/d food but I’m worried, also I’m getting a urine test tomorrow for my boys but I’m case the stones aren’t there anymore is it okay to still be on hills urinary c/d? Or is it just for diluting the stones and not for prevention? So prevention I have to get another type? And as for my other cats if I feed all of them this food will it prevent stones from forming or not? I’m SO confused but I want to give them the best food they deserve and not wrongly feed them. Please someone who has experience on this help me please."
60,CatAdvice,"Hey, my kitten of 2 months is not yet comfortable around me. Would it be okay to take her to the vet?",[removed]
61,CatAdvice,Teenage cat causing trouble on purpose!,"Hello!

My cat L (7 months) has been stressing me out recently. He’s sweet, cuddly, loves everyone, and isn’t too much of a hassle until he gets the zoomies.

Since L has reached the teenage life stage, he’s began to act out purposefully when he’s bored. He won’t use any toys and uses everything else as a replacement. He goes on my nightstand and knocks everything off and other undesired cat behaviors. Something he’s picked up recently is scratching and pulling on my mattress to make noise as he’s a very quiet cat and doesn’t meow much. When he does these things I either completely ignore him, or I’ll put him in ‘time out’ (another room) for a minute while I compose myself. I fear the second option isn’t working anymore as he’s began sprinting into small spaces so I can’t get to him. It seems he now views this as a game.

His behaviors were tolerable until we adopted another kitten (‘S’, recently homed, 5-6 months) around 2 months ago and they’ve been inseparable since, causing both cats to pick up these behaviors from each other. Prior to adopting the second cat, I would kick him out of my room (mostly at night) when he did anything ‘bad’. Now, he does this to scratch at my roommates door to see S. It’s annoying for the both of us as we live in an apartment and his sibling has already torn the carpet up in attempts to get out. 

Another thing is that him and his sibling only play and rarely relax around each other. They’ve integrated very well and love each other, but when his sibling is getting more attention he begins scratching and knocking at things. L also will begin pestering S when he plays with anything but him. 

I’m very lost in this situation as L isn’t a bad cat at all. He’s very well trained and is perfect until he gets bored. Could someone give me ways to eliminate these behaviors? Some ways to enrich his life in ways I haven’t done? I want to ensure he’s content and it seems what I’ve provided isn’t enough for him at the moment."
62,CatAdvice,Cat suddenly using various rooms in the house as its litterbox.,"My wife's cat is being treated with chemo and when she first started everything was fine but then they had to change the type of chemo being administered and it seemed around that time that she started using our dining room for everything and almost never her litter box and we're not sure what to do. We put some gates up so she can't get into the dining room but now she's started going in the hallway right outside the door.

When my wife first moved in a couple of years ago we slowly introduced her two cats to mine and while they're not friends they get along well enough. The subject of this post hisses and keeps her distance but they never fight and my cat couldn't care less about any of it. This went on for about a year or so with no litter issues.

We've tried changing her litter box to different types like more open or bigger. The litter comes from Kitty Poo Club and it's what my wife's used for years but we've not tried changing it yet. We've also tried a pee pad but she has no interest in it and it's gone completely unused.

The vet treating her cancer said there's no medical reason as to why her behavior has changed so much and we're just at a loss as to what else to try."
63,CatAdvice,Female 1 yr 6 months female cat peeing on my bed.,[removed]
64,CatAdvice,Kitten attacking my hair and face,[removed]
65,CatAdvice,Free feeding,[removed]
66,CatAdvice,made a mistake with new cat meeting resident cat- can it be fixed?,"we have had my year old male cat, Bo for about a year and a half. a few days ago, we decided to adopt and bring home a female one year old cat named Lily. At first, i had every intention of slowly introducing them but i let other people tell me to let them “figure it out” against my better judgement and i let Lily out of her room to roam around the entire house with Bo. for the past 2 days, he’s hissed and growled at her, and she’s somewhat ignored him, she tries to play with him but he hissed at her and she leaves him alone. it reached a boiling point when the two were in a room together and he attacked her. i’m separating them now and going to start the process over, this time correctly. the thought of re homing lily makes me want to cry because she’s such a sweet girl, and my impatience is the direct cause of this. will they be able to get along eventually, even after Bo has made it clear he isn’t a fan of her?"
67,CatAdvice,"Night before travel, can’t shake the feeling I’m doing something horrible to my kitties…",[removed]
68,CatAdvice,how often do you brush your cat's teeth?,[removed]
69,CatAdvice,"How to stop destructive behavior, mostly chewing? [long]",[removed]
70,CatAdvice,Weeks of getting little sleep / unneutered male yowling for hours,[removed]
71,CatAdvice,Feeding kitten with adult cats while away?,"Hi all! We have a new kitten homing with our 2 current adult cats (both just over 1). My question is, anyone have any ideas/tips on how to best feed them while we are at work? 

The adult cats are similar age so it was easy before, we left plenty of food for them both to graze on throughout the day. But now, one of the adult cats is a hungry boy all the time! He will (and tries when we are there) to gobble up his food, the other cats food, AND the kitten food. I just know he will get fat and obviously don’t want that.

So do I just accept his fate (until the kitten is nearing adult food) and allow them all to have access to plenty of food? Not a great idea I believe. 

Alternatively do I keep them separated all day so they have their own food? Only issue with this is that the kitten is the child of both adult cats and is SUPER affectionate/tactile. It would break my heart for him to be locked away in a room on his own all day.

I saw somewhere I could put the kittens food in a place only the kitten had access too (through a small gap of boxes). But this may not be ideal as the daddy cat is big and strong and it won’t be long I suspect until the kitten is the same size as mummy cat who is quite small. I also have one of those chip collar feeding bowls coming but I just know again that daddy cat will come over when baby cat is eating and push his head in when the food bowl opens up.

Was wondering what others did in the same situation or if there are any tips people had. Thanks everyone 🐱"
72,CatAdvice,Is there more I should be doing,"So, I am anxious I ruined the lives of two cats. Like crying anxious. 

In October I adopted a cat that I’ve bonded with; she’s a 5 month old cat and she’s a sweetheart she went through a traumatising ordeal with other cats, but she has since opened up and is a wonderful young lady. 

In November 26th I adopted a 3 year old cat. She is gorgeous, and needs a chance at a home as she has been in the shelter for 3 years and has been returned once when she had babies. 

I got her and set her up with her own room. They are separated by a door and haven’t met. Everyday I sit with the 3 year old in the floor and read a book (she took the couch). She just stares at me and eats next to me, doesn’t want me touching her and she hissed which is fine I’m still new to her. I don’t touch her I literally sit there and read. I’m scared she’s unhappy. She sleeps in the same room as me and showed me her belly partially. I bought her threee beds because I wasn’t sure what she liked and she sees me feeding her

Idk if there is more I can do or how to show her I’m cool - I’m just scared."
73,CatAdvice,Sudden severe allergies— Will I ever be able to have a cat again?,[removed]
74,CatAdvice,Should my cat move back in with my parents?,[removed]
75,CatAdvice,"If your cat doesn’t take to pellet litter in the first 2 weeks, is there still a chance?",[removed]
76,CatAdvice,Stressful living situation for my cat,[removed]
77,CatAdvice,My kitten is congested and I don’t know how to fix it.,[removed]
78,CatAdvice,Cat mouse,"I have a python that I feed live mice to (idk if it’s cruel) but I recently went to the pet store to get 2 for him,I had them in a shoe box idk how my cat opened it it had tape on it but now they’re dead she ate one and killed the other one problem is idk if she ate it or hid it it’s most definitely some where in my room if she didn’t eat any advice do you think she ate it"
79,CatAdvice,How to touch my cats paws and not get murdered?,"My cat is 2 and 1/2 years old, but unfortunately as a kitten she was a stray at first then in a home that the owners most likely didn’t train to clip properly. Clipping her nails is a nightmare, she puts up a huge fight and we literally have to pin her down to the ground in order to clip them.

Are there any tactics to training my cat to feel okay with me touching her paws?"
80,CatAdvice,Gastric cat,"My cat could possibly experience gastric. He hasn’t eaten for two days now. I’ve tried to give some Temptations treat, he did eat but will puke it out later.

I was about to take him to the vet today but vet is closed. I will take him tomorrow.

In the meantime, is there anything i can do for my cat? My mother’s friend has gastric food. Should i feed him that? His drinking habits is okay, Still pooping and peeing. Though his poop is liquid. He poop more than pee.

He couldn’t sleep well because of this sickness 😞 I’m so sad"
81,CatAdvice,Moving in with a male cat,[removed]
82,CatAdvice,Seeking cat integration reassurance/advice!,"Hey pals! I have a 6 year old cat we adopted when he was 8 weeks old and hasn’t seen another cat since. Last week we took home a foster with the hopes of failing- she’s a year old.

Our resident cat has now been forced to face the fact that he is not in fact a human being and is experiencing some existential dread as a result. 

We did the whole separate room scent swapping thing, peeks through the door/baby gate etc. Yesterday they met face to face &amp; today we let them spend more time together. There has been no attacking which is a HUGE relief! But our resident cat just growls at the new cat whenever she’s in eye line. Like long sustained growls. I feel terrible for the new cat who is just trying to play with a mouse toy, and worried for our resident cat that he is v stressed. When we separate them they both seem totally fine; there isn’t any ongoing stress once they’re apart from each other. 

I literally JUST ordered a Feliway &amp; I’m hoping that helps to mellow my resident cat a bit. Should we go back to peeks through the door? The new cat is desperate to get out of her room so she spends most of that time just scrabbling to get out. Should I chill out and just accept that this is part is the process? Help please!!"
83,CatAdvice,Newly adopted shelter cat avoiding any contact and meowing at the balcony door,"Hi! I adopted a 3 year old cat 10 days ago(I know it’s not very long ago) and he’s been doing alright. Eating and drinking well, playing a little bit and exploring. However at the shelter they said he was very vocal and liked to be petted with chin scratches and behind the ears, but he won’t let me nor my parents even close to him. If we try and reach out he shys away and I’m scared this will become a problem for vet visits, maintaining his fur and checking him for ticks etc. during the summer. He doesn’t run away and hide but he seems very uncomfortable with hands in general. I’ve been trying to work with him by first giving him a treat and walk to the other side of the room then proceeding to get closer every time he gets a treat to gain his trust. I’m at the point where he will most of the time eat it from my hand but backs off if I move my hand afterwards. When I do have a treat in my hand he will eat it and lick my hand for a while afterwards. He also sniffs our feet and sometimes hands but if I try and pretend to have a treat to get him close he won’t bat an eye and just stare at me. The first three days he only laid under our sofa but he’s been starting to lay in the sofa and around on the floor now but sometimes hides under the sofa again(which is totally fine as he probably like the fact that he gets space but still can be aware of where we are) He always follow us around and wants to be around us but at a distance.  I know I haven’t had him for long and that he’s probably still getting used to a new house and family but I worry that he won’t ever be more comfortable for his sake. We don’t know what he has been through but we know he was found on a landfill but he was already neutered but not chipped so someone either left him there or he was let outside too early and got lost. I’m just very stressed that I’m doing something wrong or it wasn’t a good fit comparing to the two previous cats I’ve had. 

The other things is that for the past two days he’s beeen laying next to our balcony door or looking outside the window on the door meowing a lot as if he really wants to go outside but I dont want to let him outside before I know he’s fully comfortable and knows that this is his home and where to return and since it’s winter I was planning on just keeping him inside till spring because where I live it snows, freezing temps and there’s only two hours of daylight during winter time and if he were to get lost or trapped he wouldn’t stand a chance with this weather but I’m afraid I’m torturing him by keeping him inside for so long. 

Thank you for reading, apologized for the grammar english is not my first language"
84,CatAdvice,I need help choosing my first cat,"Hi! I’ve never owned a cat before and I was wondering if you could help me here. I’d like to have a very affectionate cat so, if you have any recommendations, please! I want to hear from you!  Also, how can you tell if the cat you are choosing is a “good cat” .  Are there things to look for or to avoid ?

Thanks!"
85,CatAdvice,Cat Returned Home After 30 Days,[removed]
86,CatAdvice,Adopted Cats with Worms,[removed]
87,CatAdvice,How long does it take a cat to forgive? Have I completely lost my cat's trust?,"TL;DR: My nervous cat seems to be scared of me and hates me now because of the medicine I've been feeding her. Looking for insights as to how long it'll take for her to forgive me and perhaps some advice about how to give her medication so that it isn't as stressful for both of us. 

Some quick backstory: I adopted my three-year-old cat a little over a year ago, and it was a challenge at first. She was super shy and refused to go out of hiding for two months. I spent a lot of time and energy building up trust and now she's the most loving and annoying little cat ever. Fast forward to this past week, which has been a hectic one. I moved her back from my parents' house two weekends ago, where she had been staying for roughly six weeks while I was in and out of the city for work. Everything seemed okay, until I noticed her scooting twice and licking her butt and tail a lot, so I took her to the vet this past weekend. Since she absolutely loathes her carrier, these two experiences were not great for her.

The vet gave me some cream to rub on her butthole and some liquid Clavamox. Giving her the medication has proven to be a huge challenge, to the point where I can only really give her both medications once a day instead of twice a day as prescribed. She hides under the couch (and sometimes in the couch), refuses to eat even when there's no medicine mixed with her wet food or treats (thankfully still eating dry food), and is so much more stressed and nervous around me. She's only approached me twice today, and it's only the second day of having to give her medicine.

Normally, my cat forgives me for taking her to the vet or moving her around relatively quickly, usually within a few hours. The fact that she seems so scared of me now and is avoiding me breaks my heart, and it seems that all the work I put into getting her to trust me has been completely undone. I don't even know how I'll be able to continue for the rest of the week, which is the length of time the medicine has been prescribed for.

On the bright side, I suppose, I didn't notice her scooting at all the day before I took her to the vet and she was acting normally, and ever since the vet visit, she hasn't scooted, but I think that's because she's pretty much been in hiding since then."
88,CatAdvice,What could this be?,"Right now he is poorly (possible Giardia) but I've noticed for a while even before he was poorly he does these like involuntary muscle spasms. He seems to only do them lying down. And not all the time. he twitches in his sleep but I'm not worried about that. 

It's honestly small little like moments where he tenses then releases. I mean he's doing them right now while purring away. Other times he does it when he's laying on his own. Doesn't seem to matter what he's doing. They are minor movement his leg kinda moves a little, and I can see him generally tense a little but most seems to happen in the legs. Doesn't seem in pain or anything. 

He will lay there and do this for probably like 10 mins, every tense is like a few seconds apart. He seems unbuffered by it."
89,CatAdvice,There’s pee everywhere,[removed]
90,CatAdvice,Cat won’t stop peeing everywhere,[removed]
91,CatAdvice,Sudden change in kittens temperament towards adult cat. Help!!,[removed]
92,CatAdvice,Cat keeps eating things he shouldn’t,"Our almost 2 year old male cat is eating things he shouldn’t. He has had surgery twice now in the past 4 months to have things removed from his stomach/intestines. First time he ate the inner mesh/padding from the couch. Now this time it was some type of rubbery material, almost like a mouse pad or flip flop. We don’t see him eat these things, but he’s also unsupervised during work hours. He is a very happy and confident cat, doesn’t seem anxious. He has access to plenty of toys and eats normal food well. Has anyone else ever dealt with this? What can we do to stop this behavior?"
93,CatAdvice,New kitten and resident cat introduction experience?,[removed]
94,CatAdvice,Got an allergy/intolerance test for my boy. I have no idea what to feed him now.,[removed]
95,CatAdvice,What's your cats oral hygiene routine/methods?,[removed]
96,CatAdvice,"Oldest cat won’t share a litter box, need advice on how to ‘hide’ a littler box",[removed]
97,CatAdvice,I don’t want to leave my babies!,"Hi guys! I’ve been a cat mom before I even began puberty; they’ve all been boys (no specific reason). 

I am now 25 (f) and I have two beautiful Bombay kitties. One male and one (my first ever) female. I love them both so much and I have a very special bond with my 2 year old female, Nyxie. They were both rescues and I’ve had them since they could fit in my hands.

I’ve never really traveled growing up and I certainly haven’t as a young adult. I’ll be going to Montana to meet my partner’s dad in the beginning of the year. We’ll be gone for about a week and I’m dreading leaving my babies. I couldn’t imagine spending a whole week without them- much less them without me!! 

I guess I’m just asking for a bit of assurance… Will my cats forget me or am I being dramatic? I feel absolutely ridiculous making an entire post about this LOL. Please be kind. :’)"
98,CatAdvice,Litter box aversion?,"I have had my cat for 2.5 years and he has NEVER had an issue using the litter box. Recently he has started going next to it or under the bed, never in it. Box is always clean, I've gotten a shallower box, there has been no change to his environment etc, he has seen the vet and been given a clean bill of health, with no improvement. Help! Any advice or suggestions or similar situations?"
99,CatAdvice,Discouraging stray cat from bothering the neighbors,"I've been taking care of a young stray?/feral? cat for nearly 2 months, including one weekend when he got into my apartment and refused to leave for a while. After he finally went back out but tried to get back in again, I was hoping to adopt him but my landlord has said I can't have a pet indoors, then conceded that I could keep feeding it outside.  I'm still pretty heartbroken about it. 

I've got the cat booked for neutering soon, but no shelters will take him due to a combination of overcrowding and his lack of socialization. No vets will even look at him beyond neutering him (which sucks because he's got a weird spot that I want checked out, but that's a whole other problem). None of my friends who foster unsocialized cats can take him yet. I was advised by someone at one of the really good shelters nearby to keep working with him outside in hopes of getting him into adoptable condition by the time they have an opening for him. So the poor little guy is kind of stuck in this situation for now. 

Even though the landlord said I could keep an outdoor cat, recent changes he (the landlord) has made to the property have made the cat prefer to spend most of its time on the new neighbors' property. The landlord installed a panel over the crawlspace under our porch and we found fur stuck to it, suggesting that the cat had tried to squeeze through the panel. We built the cat an outdoor shelter, but it turns out the neighbors have a hole under their porch so the cat prefers it to the shelter. *Sometimes* the neighbors put food near the hole, so they know about him but I don't think they're friends with him the way I am. He also tears open their trash bags to forage through them and leaves a huge mess on their walkway, and he uses some old rubbish on that property as his personal gym. We had bushes that birds hung out in that the cat used to like to watch, but now the landlord has cut them down. The landlord has also put up a giant fence around half the property. 

The cat comes to me when called, usually crossing the neighbors' yard to do so, but now that it's cold, he doesn't want to hang out as much and goes back to the neighbors' house after his meals. I give him a pretty regular food supply, I've put catnip on his stuff here, and I got him one of those little microwavable cat shelter heaters, but after a few minutes he still prefers the safety and spaciousness of being under their porch. He used to show signs of feeling safe with me on our porch, but lately he has  become very jumpy and his socialization progress has regressed a little. 

I'm really worried that the new neighbors are going to get fed up with him. But since my landlord is adamant that the cat cannot be inside and since the cat can't access our crawlspace anymore, I don't know what to do to get him to stay on this property. 

Anyone have any ideas of how to encourage him to stay on this property, or is that fool's errand with strays in winter?"
100,CatAdvice,Christmas,"My cat keeps going into my Christmas tree, like climbing it. He’s been doing it for a few years. Is it a thing he will grow out of? Is there something we can put in the tree to make him stop?"
101,CatAdvice,I cannot ignore my kitty meowing at the door for attention in the middle of the night/early morning! Any ideas on how to get him to stop?,[removed]
102,CatAdvice,Help Needed- Fever of Unknown Origin in 4mo old Kitten-- Delayed Prolonged Vaccine Reaction???,
103,CatAdvice,Friend’s cat died from UTI,"My friend’s male cat died from a UTI this week. I helped pick out the cat and he was only 4 years old. My friend feels extremely guilty because he noticed his cat feeling lethargic not all himself a few days before.  I’m trying to cancel my friend as much as possible without adding any guilt, but I’m deeply disturbed that the cat wasn’t taken in to the vet sooner. What can I say to help my friend feel better even though I feel upset? I keep thinking I would never have let that happen if it were my cat, but I know this is not helpful to my friend."
104,CatAdvice,My kitten fell from the second story,[removed]
105,CatAdvice,How to keep cats off the Christmas tree?,We need suggestions we tried cinnamon and apple cider vinegar and that doesn't stop them they have a million toys but they are more interested on the new light up thing which I understand why any suggestions would help don't want crispy kitties for Christmas
106,CatAdvice,Impromptu AMA - Certified Cat Behavior Consultant and Trainer,"Hi! I’m Laura, one of the mods. I am a professional cat behavior consultant. When I’m not modding this sub, I work full time helping cat owners resolve behavior problems in their cats. I can help with anything from aggression to people, litter box issues, fighting between cats, destructive behavior, attention seeking, and more! 

I usually hold a scheduled AMA once a month here but I have some free time right now, so I’m going to answer questions from now until ???. If the post isn’t locked, you’re good to ask away. 

For more complex behavior issues, I may refer you to my website: www.pawsitivevibescats.com. I do work with clients virtually, so it doesn’t matter where you are. Otherwise, I’ll try to answer specific questions the best I can. 

So go ahead, ask me anything!"
107,CatAdvice,Cat wakes us up every morning,Every morning my cat is annoying. He wakes me and my roommate up by aggressivly scratching the living room door and screaming. Even after we give him food it continues. Does anybody know what we can do about this?
108,CatAdvice,Finally decided to rehome our boy. Been crying all day.,"I wasn’t sure what else to do. Our sweet Yui boy is five, and was wonderful until we had our daughter. However, we tried again and again to get them to connect. For two years now. She is gentle (I’m a stay at home mom and I monitor their interactions, and taught her to pet and not grab his tail or hit). 

He has scratched her eye twice just by her bending down. He has clawed her legs when she walks by, drawing blood. We cannot keep them separated, as we live in a single family home. Our other cat runs away from her (she is old and skittish). Yui attacks. He has even attacked us, because he wants outside. In city limits, we can’t keep him outside.

We have tried keeping them separated, spraying with water, giving him alone time and more cuddles. Nothing is working, and our second baby will be here in early June. This is NOT a case of rehoming home because we are having another. This is, he is stressed, and these scratches (especially near the eye) can be dangerous. 

People think I haven’t tried every other options. I’ve exhausted them all. I’m gutted. He’s going to miss us, my daughter is going to wonder where he went. I’ve been crying all day. I don’t know if he’ll get as much love and treats. I just need to do what’s best for Yui and our kiddos. 

Everyone reaching out has just sent a barrage of attacks. It’s the last thing I need. 

Just need some support from someone who has done the same thing or been through similar situations."
109,CatAdvice,eats everything but the new kibble,she’s 9 months old and i just recently adopted her. i’ve been trying to transition from one kibble to another but she finishes her bowl but leaves behind majority of the new kibble. i put 80% current brand and 20% new brand for her feedings for the past 5 days maybe. sometimes she takes a bite of a few kibbles and doesn’t finish the rest of it. should i just keep trying to incorporate it at 80/20 portions?
110,CatAdvice,"whenever my cat gets hungry she messes with things around me to get my attention and be fed, how do i stop this?","an hour or two before the time i usually feed my cats, one of them figured out if she destroys things around my area it will get my attention and i'll go feed them. i tried ignoring it because i really don't want her to do that every time, but she will rip things up and i have to stop her. why cant she just meow at me like a normal cat?? how do i get her to stop doing this?"
111,CatAdvice,is leaving a kitten home while i go to school ok?,[removed]
112,CatAdvice,How long did it take for Prozac to work for your cat for urinating outside litter box?,[removed]
113,CatAdvice,Kittens won’t use litter tray,"I have a 4 month and 6 month kitten. Both are male. 
They were both very good at using the litter tray and would never have accidents outside their trays, but recently for the past two weeks they have both been popping outside their trays and I don’t know what to do. I haven’t moved their litter tray, so they know where it is and they always have access to it. I am using the same litter as I always have, so I don’t think it is the litter. I clean out their litter trays daily and put fresh litter in weekly. I’m just so confused.
They aren’t neutered yet either (if this is a factor)."
114,CatAdvice,8month old and canned food,"My two kittens are 8 months old and still won’t really eat canned food. 

I tried pate early on then shreds and morsels. They just like the gravy and eat very little of the actual food. 

They eat dry kitten food just fine and I keep a fresh water bowl for them. Any advice??"
115,CatAdvice,"Please help, I don’t want to have to surrender my cat",[removed]
116,CatAdvice,How to get kittens to do trying to nurse?!,"I recently (sept)got a momma cat and her 2 kittens. Mom was a stray that was taken in when she was found with kittens. Kittens were born in June, so they're about 5 months. 

They will not stop nursing! It seems uncomfortable to the mom and no matter how many times we separate them they immediately go back to her and root for the nips. They are literally her size at this point and she is really passive so they just keep pushing her down and getting to it. 

How do I get them to stop???

All female.  Mom had not been spayed yet, will be soon."
117,CatAdvice,Tips for passively entertaining a blind cat?,[removed]
118,CatAdvice,Any idea why my cat whines in her sleep but not when she’s awake?,[removed]
119,CatAdvice,Kitten Siblings - Growling at Toy,"I have two new kittens, ocicats. That get along pretty well. They are siblings. One of them growls every time she has a toy in her mouth. It started with the wand feather toy only, then fuzzy toys, now even the spring toys and strings. I know it's in their nature, but I get nervous for the other kitten who just wants to play. They are still learning how to set boundaries with each other and this is a boundary I am fearful of them learning the hard way. They don't growl when they play with each other. It's just when she has a toy in her mouth. I know it's a sign to stay away. The sister doesn't know that. My instinct is to protect the one that just wants to play but I want to do it in a healthy way. I've tried playing with each separately with the wand toy but hate hearing the other one crying and missing out. Any ideas how to discourage growling at toys? Is this something she can grow out of?"
120,CatAdvice,Christmas with a kitten: okay to come with?,[removed]
121,CatAdvice,Cat bad breath lol in my new kitten,[removed]
122,CatAdvice,Anyone with experience of siblings fighting?,[removed]
123,CatAdvice,Environmentally safe litter,[removed]
124,CatAdvice,Unsure how to proceed with socializing rescued feral cat,"I rescued a young cat back in late October, and they still don't accept being touched. They take food from me as long as it's not directly from my hand (I can place it on the floor or near them, for example) and use all of the amenities provided (food, water, beds, litter) just fine, I can even sit close while they eat and we exchange slow blinks on occasion, but if I reach out with my hand they shy away from it. Which is fine, this was a completely feral cat that may or may not have seen the less kind side of humans while on the streets. 

Now, onto the question at hand: I've been keeping them in a very isolated room, and I only visit for a few minutes 3 times a day. My longest visit is about half an hour long, for dinner time. This seemed like the best idea at first because they were completely feral and not even used to being indoors, and I wanted to give them time to get comfy and decompress, but now it feels like we're stalling and I'm wondering if it would be a good idea to take the cat into my own bedroom, with the idea of getting them used to constant human presence and occasional interaction. Would this be too aggressive of a move? Should I just try to make my visits longer instead?"
125,CatAdvice,New Kitten Peeing on Rug,[removed]
126,CatAdvice,how to keep a house clean with a shed-heavy cat?,[removed]
127,CatAdvice,Where should I place litter box + feeding station for kitty so as to be least gross possible?,[removed]
128,CatAdvice,How to train cats to push cat doors open?,[removed]
129,CatAdvice,Cat Returned Home 30 Days Gone,[removed]
130,CatAdvice,My big alpha girl won't stop picking on my gf's poor submissive beta boy,[removed]
131,CatAdvice,"People who have a cat and have babysat/fostered other cats, how did your cat do?",[removed]
132,CatAdvice,My cat may have had a stroke,[removed]
133,CatAdvice,Is 20 square meters enough space for a cat?,[removed]
134,CatAdvice,adult cat food for my 8 month old,[removed]
135,CatAdvice,i found a kitten/a kitten found me. i’m worried!!!!,[removed]
136,CatAdvice,Cat bullying,"We’ve had our youngest a cat for about a year now. She had no issues with our oldest cat at first, but in the past few months she’s started bullying our oldest cat. She will chase her away from the primary water and food bowl (luckily we have multiple locations for these). But the biggest problem is the litter boxes. We have 3 cats and 5 litter boxes spread out through the levels of our house (some in the basement, some on the main floor). It doesn’t matter what litter box our older cat tries to use. The younger cat will stalk and try to chase her out of the litter box. Of course this is stressing out our older cat and she is going places outside of these litter box locations to feel safe. I’ve always had multiple cats and have never had this problem. What can I do besides move the younger cat exclusively to the basement?"
137,CatAdvice,How do I stop my older cat from scratching the baseboards?,"She has a cat tree, but she completely ignores it and prefers to scratch the baseboards all over the house. She never scratches furniture, just the wall. We've tried an anti-chew spray but it didn't work, tried taping the baseboards, didn't work, not sure what else to try. :/"
138,CatAdvice,unsupervised feedings for 2 cats with different diets,"I drive long-haul (three days at a time) so there are days when I can't feed the cats otherwise I wouldn't be asking this. Whiskey is older and fat, Maxi is the younger, more self controlled cat. Whiskey has been put on a diet with an autofeeder and special food while max is free-fed. It worked great for a while because Maxi's was on a shelf that Whiskey cant reach. Well now he can cause he's lost weight. 

What are my options for keeping their food separate?  

I've seen the chipped feeders that only open for the right cat but isn't that only one or two meals at a time? That wont be enough for some of my trips that are up to 5 days. Also, I'm pretty sure they cost an arm and a leg (which ill do if I have to but looking for alternate options)"
139,CatAdvice,Cat Returned After 30 days gone,[removed]
140,CatAdvice,We need advice,"
Every morning my cat is annoying. He wakes me and my roommate up by aggressivly scratching the living room door and screaming. Even after we give him food it continues. Does anybody know what we can do about this?"
141,CatAdvice,Cat tree advice?,"We're trying to enrich our cat's life rn, working on a catio and looking for a quality cat tree. The problem is, I think I find a good one online and then I see someone say it's wobbly when their cat jumps on it. Honestly any slight movement when my cat jumps on something, and she never touches it again. Does anybody have a cat tree that's relatively simple (minimum on hammocks, bowl things and toys) and is actually sturdy?"
142,CatAdvice,how do I get my cat to use scratching toys?,[removed]
143,CatAdvice,Cat can't decide whether to stay inside or outside,[removed]
144,CatAdvice,"What do? Older cat is hogging both cat trees, leaving no room for my kitten.",[removed]
145,CatAdvice,has anybody had an experience with giardia in cats?,"a cat i adopted a few weeks ago turned out to have giardia from the sanctuary she was in and i am not sure how to proceed. everything the vet suggested to get her to take the meds was to no avail, and i'm expected to go back in for them to show me how to pill her but i've already tried myself and it's definitely something i cannot do by myself. my other concern is that i heard it's a very stubborn virus and cleaning all the places she nests in every single day is not exactly possible, not to mention washing her bottom after defecating sounds like an impossible feat. would it be acceptable to ask the sanctuary from where i adopted her to care for her until she is treated, given that they are obviously a lot more experienced than i, and especially since they knew and didn't tell me. it is either that or, if possible to have her stay at the vet clinic which would probably be way above my budget. my second concern is realistically how easy is it to completely cure giardia, as i have heard some people dealing with it for months. thanks!"
146,CatAdvice,how do I get my cat to stop trying to eat his cat tree?,he keeps trying to rip up the carpet stuff covering it and eat it... i don't understand
147,CatAdvice,Tips on getting cat in carrier?,"I have a VERY scared and skittish cat who needs to go to her first vet appointment tomorrow. I have tried getting her more comfortable with the carrier—letting it sit out in the open, put treats inside. Seems like she remembers what it is from when I took her home 11 months ago. It’s very hard for me to pick her up, she scurries at any indication of being handled and is a pretty large cat. Has anyone had any successful tactics on getting a scared cat inside their carrier?"
148,CatAdvice,Cat knocked glass over on accident(I think),[removed]
149,CatAdvice,Senior cat is constantly messing outside the box.,[removed]
150,CatAdvice,How big do male cats get?,[removed]
151,CatAdvice,Should I feed my 1yo cat more food if she's still hungry?,[removed]
152,CatAdvice,Help me avoid rehoming a scared cat,[removed]
153,CatAdvice,Cat is constantly doing things I dislike to get my attention,[removed]
154,CatAdvice,Kittens poop in tray but one pees on the floor.,[removed]
155,CatAdvice,Best Litter alternatives recommendations?,I'm currently using these pine litter pellets for my kitten but i don't love how i can't use the scooper for it or probably cant use one of those automatic liter cleaners in the future with these But i know the normal liter can irritate their junk so I'm curious what's the best litter out there?
156,CatAdvice,Not eating,[removed]
157,CatAdvice,Readjustment after boarding?,"Hi all! I'm getting ready to pick up my 2 kittens (both 8 months old) from boarding where they have spent 9 days. Luckily, the facility is lovely and they've had lots of room in their living area as well as human interaction and playtime every day, so I'm not particularly worried about them adjusting back to being sociable and playful, etc. However, I know coming home will still be a big adjustment and take some time. 

Will they remember the house and me? Will they remember where their litter box is? Is there anything I can do to make their adjustment home easier for them? Thanks in advance!"
158,CatAdvice,Smelly cat litter,[removed]
159,CatAdvice,my cat keeps stealing,"i got him when he was around 2 months old. my friend found him and i decided to take him in cause she couldn't let him stay. he was always a rather small cat, although he wasn't underweight. he's about a year and 3 months old now and at a healthy weight. it started with food, he'd steal absolutely anything that was left unattended, break into the trash can and eat food out of it, we installed locks and after a ton of time the problem stopped. obviously, we still had to hide everything, because otherwise he'll just eat it all, but he left the trash bin alone. however, not only was he stealing food, but anything that would cause us to get mad or worried, really.  he stole my vitamins and got into my antidepressants a few times, but  thank god he never ate any of it. still, the problem got so worrying recently that we hide my meds in a drawer now.  he gets into some of my drawers and cabinets and steals small stuff from it, like a toy my friend crocheted for me. some time ago he started opening the fridge. it is old and we surely have to get a new one, cause it causes some problems but ffs, how is a cat smart enough to open a fridge? he literally broke the seal at night, this night, and ate almost a whole sausage my parents bought, and the foil it was covered in too. i am mad worried at this point, firstly, because i have no idea what to do, secondly, i'm afraid that he'll get seriously damaged after eating something. don't get me wrong, we try to hide ALL food. but it's freaking impossible to keep all of it away from his sight. and i don't think its normal that he doesn't give up on stealing EVER... also, we feed him 5 times a day.  p.s this is not the only annoying thing he does, cause he tends to be aggressive sometimes, especially towards my mom. i'd think it's just him playing but sometimes he just attacks her and won't let her go. i seriously don't know what to do, if i should play with him more, or something, cause i'm just hopeless. if i forgot to mention anything then just ask me in the comments and i'll provide the info lol. i seriously love him so much but it's just unbearable and atp i'm scared that my parents will get completely fed up cause i can see that they're both stressed and i don't know what to do"
160,CatAdvice,Help,Every morning my cat is annoying. He wakes me and my roommate up by aggressivly scratching the living room door and screaming. Even after we give him food it continues. Does anybody know what we can do about this?
161,CatAdvice,Does anyone know the real ingredients of Molly brand cat food?,[removed]
162,CatAdvice,Wishing to adopt a stray cat,"Hiya 

I have a stray cat that frequently hangs out in my garden. I have put up several posters in the area to see if she belongs to anyone and have not received anything back so far. For the past 3 weeks, I have been feeding her and she has been sleeping in my garden. I bought her a cat bed and she seems to enjoy the space. The problem I am having is she is incredibly skittish- she will not let me approach her to pet her or even just stand next to her. I worry as it is cold outside and I really want to check if she is ok and take her to a vet to see if she has been microchipped etc. I don't own any pets and am wondering if there is a way to get her to trust me. I have tried to bribe her with food, catnip, and toys but nothing seems to be working. Any ideas would be incredibly helpful. I want her to be able to trust me and if she does not have an owner I am looking to adopt. I do not know if this is helpful to anyone but a lot of people seem to this she is a British shorthair cat and she is fairly big so I think an adult but I don't know her age."
163,CatAdvice,New kitten - Overwhelmed by feelings,"I adopted a 4 month old kitten yesterday, It was a hard decision but I thought it would help with my depression - and also because I miss my cat and rabbit from my parent’s home.
I brought him home by train and metro.
He was very quiet for 30 minutes and the next half hour he started meowing on the train. Tears came to my eyes, he was staring at me with his beautiful big eyes while meowing. He will miss his family (and his brother).

Once at home I locked myself in the bathroom with him, I put a pillow under the radiator, and gave him something to eat and drink. I spent two hours sitting on the floor with him, petting him, letting him explore and watching him sleep. Then I let him discover the kitchen and the main room.
He ended up eating, drinking and doing his business in his litter box. When I went to bed he came to snuggle with me, then he stuck to my face. I turned my back and he went to sleep on the sofa.

Everything is going well, only I feel bad. I have no appetite, my nose and throat are a little blocked (I had a cat and a rabbit at my parents' house for 18 years and never had any allergies). I am sensitive to the smell of cat drool when he plays, try to lick my nose. And also he leaves small deposits of fecal matter where he sits (sofa, cat tree, my sheets) probably microscopic but I can smell it. This kitten is clean though.

So here I am with all these feelings. 

He seems quite happy in my apartment, he purrs a lot and asks to play and cuddle. 
I'm afraid to leave him alone during the day for 9 hours, I'm afraid he'll do something bad / get bored.
For the moment I have only one toy, a thing with feathers, but I am afraid that he will ingest it by chewing on it.

I don’t feel like he should sleep in the corridor and not in the main room with me because it would be lonely somehow. But I dont want him IN my bed nor pillow. Only ON my bed would be ok tho."
164,CatAdvice,I’m meeting my cats again after 2 months away from them. Will they remember me? I’m anxious that they’d have forgotten me. How do I make our reunion as peaceful as possible? Any tips?,I had both of them for about a year. They love my roommate and I’m worried our relationship won’t be the same since I was gone for so long.
165,CatAdvice,Anxious when I walk around,"I adopted my second cat from a shelter a few months ago. They said that she was 1 year 4 mos old but I believe she is even a bit younger than that maybe. She lovesss to cuddle and is a total lap cat when I am sitting down, announcing herself with a meow and proceeding to thrash all over my lap, nuzzle my face, knead my belly, and even give me nose nips, BUT when I walk around my apartment she gets so scared of me! When I walk into a room or past her she stops whatever she is doing and books it in another direction. I have tried walking slowly but it doesn't seem to matter. I just want her to feel comfortable in her own home so I'm wondering if anyone has any advice on why this is and what I can do to help with this besides army crawling around my apartment?"
166,CatAdvice,Opaque windows,Will the apartment with non transparent windows affect cat wellbeing? I know that cats love to observe outside environment and I'm not sure if my future cat will be happy without seeing what's going on outside.
167,CatAdvice,Adopted new cat; can’t stop thinking about first one,[removed]
168,CatAdvice,Coping with separation anxiety (?),"Hey y'all, I was wondering if you could give me some advice for my kitty. 

So, I have an upcoming 1 week trip this January. Since my cat hasn't had any experience being left alone for extended periods, I went out of town this weekend and hired a catsitter. The sitter is great, my cat warmed up to her. I have a camera in my apartment to keep an eye on her.

The problem is, my cat has been sitting in front of the door all night waiting for me to come home 🥲 She hasn't moved at all. She's eating ok though and used the litter box ok, but it just breaks my heart seeing her just sitting there. I used the audio on the camera once to tell her it's ok, but she just looked around confused and it was so heartbreaking I didn't do it again 🥲🥲🥲 Help! 

Also, she is in fospice care with me (terminal cancer) so I can't get a companion cat (and she doesn't do well with other cats). I also don't want to put her in a cat hotel. I haven't had any luck finding sitters who can stay overnight."
169,CatAdvice,Need advice for feeding a cat with most of his teeth missing,[removed]
170,CatAdvice,cat potentially ate yarn,[removed]
171,CatAdvice,Post neuter,"My cat neutered about 5 days ago. I followed people from this reddit’s advice, and she’s been doing well. 

At the same day my cat got home, a family member brought in a stray kitten. 

2 days ago, i started to introduce my cat to the kitten. They look like they’re fine together so i let them be together without my watch (I’m sorry). I always leave dry food in the bowl so if they’re hungry, they can just eat. My cat seems weary (?) of the kitten so I’m not sure if he’s eating. 
Later that night, my cat started to sneeze from time to time. 

Yesterday, i let him hang out with the kitten downstairs again. I’m not sure if he’s eating the dry food (I’m sorry again). But he refused to eat the wet food. And his poop is watery.

Today, he looks like he wants to eat but didn’t eat. And his poop is watery too. He looks really tired too. 

Could it be because of stress or health problems? I’m sorry if I look irresponsible. First time taking care of a neutered cat and introducing a new kitten.

Nearby vet is closed atm. I’m planning to take him to the vet tomorrow."
172,CatAdvice,New &amp; old cat slowing getting along until a fight and neighbour feeds old cat and let's in their house.,"Hello, so I've had my male cat T for 13 years, he's still very healthy and active for his age. My friend moved abroad last year and I took in his female cat J 1 year old. They're indoor/outdoor cats in a very cat friendly environment.

T had always been the only cat. After months of slowly introducing them to each other following the standard procedure. They were kind of getting along until one day they had a fight and over the next week T wasn't eating when he came in. Over the next few weeks he stopped coming in  to eat and coming back at all, maybe 1 night a week. It was obvious someone was feeding him. Now 8 weeks later, I've had to work extra hours with the weather getting worse I know T would be sleeping all day. But now I know which neighbour has been looking after him I don't know what to do.

Do I ask them to just stop feeding or stop feeding and not let him in (I know that would upset him as he doesn't want to come home at the minute anyway) while I try to reintroduce the cats? Or should I get him in and keep him locked in for a week (I have a week off before xmas)  and try to get them comfortable with each other again? 

He's obviously happy round my neighbours, if they stop feeding and I keep him in for a while but things don't work I don't want to cause him to be stressed."
173,CatAdvice,"when i lay down in bed, my kitten pees on me",[removed]
174,CatAdvice,Cat won’t stop hissing &amp; batting at new kitten,[removed]
175,CatAdvice,"My boyfriends cat hates me, but only when my boyfriend isn’t home",[removed]
176,CatAdvice,Milk replacement or electrolytes leads to fading kitten syndrome?,[removed]
177,CatAdvice,will my kitten ever grow out of biting?,[removed]
178,CatAdvice,is leaving a kitten home while i go to school ok?,[removed]
179,CatAdvice,Moving in with my boyfriend and his cat who hates my guts,[removed]
180,CatAdvice,Are these the right reasons?,"I want to get a cat. I intend on waiting untill my income is much more steady. I have 4 years until I move out so I plan on getting an older car which will likely die of old age first. It's also positive because people tend to not like older cats(whole thing where people buy kittens and stop liking them as they get older). I also need companionship, I dislike people but start to have anxiety attacks when I spend more than few days without people. Also caring for this cat would help my routine?

I want to know if these are ok reasons?
How much should I save before buying?
Any other recommendations such as food, ect?"
181,CatAdvice,Cat has become quiet and hides a lot,[removed]
182,CatAdvice,Cats trashed room,[removed]
183,CatAdvice,What’s an estimate for lab work?,"My cat is about 8 months old and I noticed black stool in her litter box. I thought maybe it dried up and isn’t a big issue but then I noticed it again today and decided to look it up. 

There could multiple reasons for it &amp; I’m not sure what it narrows down to but I want to take her to the vet and I’m sure they’ll do some type of lab work or something. I just want to know if there is an estimate of how much these cost so I can be prepared?"
184,CatAdvice,Cat introduction not going well… I’m completely lost.,"
We have an 8 year old female cat we adopted over a year ago.
The resident cat’s background/personality:
She was sent to the rescue after her last owner passed. Due to her previous experience with multiple owners and fosters, it takes her a while to warm up to people and she gets scared easily. But once she trusts a person, she turns into such a lovely cat.

And then there is a 1 year old female cat we recently adopted. 
The new cat’s background/personality:
She was a stray cat and was rescued with her little kittens 2-3 months before we adopted her.
She loves attention and food. She constantly purrs, meows, kneads and rubs her face against anyone’s hand. She seemed to be okay around other cats when we went to the rescue centre to see her.


It has been 6 weeks since we brought the new cat home, and they HATE each other.
Here is what’s been going on. (Sorry this is a lot of details)

- When we brought the new cat home, we had our office room ready for her with a litter box, food bowl, cat bed, cat tree, etc. We didn’t let them see each other but let them smell each other through the door. We fed them together (with the door closed) so they can associate food to each other’s smell. The resident cat was quite anxious and hissing a lot. She wasn’t even comfortable passing that door. But over time, she has gotten better and now she can tolerate eating 2 feet away from the door. (But she still hisses and runs off after finishing her food.)

- We have been keeping the new cat in the office room, and the resident cat in the bedroom. They take turns to explore around the house throughout the day. We usually sleep with the resident cat, but I have been sleeping with the new cat in the office room because she meows so much.


- On our week 2, they ran into each other. (My partner just open the office room to see the new cat, and she just ran downstairs to the kitchen) There was no hissing or any interactions other than eye-contact. (But there was a bit of screaming from their humans…)

- On our week 3,  they ran into each other again. (My partner just opened the bedroom door without knowing the new cat was right behind him) And the new cat just straight up attacked the resident cat who was sleeping next to me. The resident cat was absolutely terrified. There was chunks of hair in the new cat’s paws :(

- We let them see each other through a babygate. My partner was on the resident cat’s side and I was on the new cat’s side. The resident cat was 10 feet away from the babygate, hiding under a chair. After a few stares, the new cat attempted to climb the babygate. There were some hissing and howling. We ended the session after that.

- We also got a huge playpen(tent) and installed it in the living room. At first we tried keeping the new cat in the tent all day and let the resident cat approach her when she feels comfortable. For the first 2 days, the resident cat didn’t even come downstairs. On the third day, she came downstairs but when she came closer to the tent, the new cat tried to attack her.


And now we are on week 7. We’ve watched a lot of youtube videos and read many articles, tried calming treats and all different types of Feliway plugins as well. I am so lost and beginning to wonder if it’s time for me to give up. I feel like I’m just torturing the cats and ourselves.

I have many friends who have cats but never heard of any failure stories… Do people often give up on cat introductions? If I continue this, would they eventually get along?

Thanks for reading!"
185,CatAdvice,Advice,[removed]
186,CatAdvice,Cat has red bumps all up and down her hind legs?,[removed]
187,CatAdvice,"New kitten came with blanket and toys with previous owner's scents, won't stop meowing","Hi, I just had a 4.5 months old kitten today, he's adjusting to the environment and to me very well but still show signs of nervous and stress(he hides under my bed and half the time whenever he doesn't feel safe) but he's gotten on my lap, desk, bed and loves getting pet and eat/drinks no problem on day one.

Now, he came with a blanket and bunch of toys from his old house, whenever I take out his old toys and he plays with it by himself he wouldn't stop meowing for a long time. This doesn't happen with any other toys I bought. Does this mean he misses his old house/family, meowing because he's playing with it by himself or just stress/nerves?"
188,CatAdvice,"When my labrador licks my 13 week old kitten’s face, does my kitten understand that it’s friendly?",[removed]
189,CatAdvice,Female Cat Urinating,[removed]
190,CatAdvice,DIY cat tower from cardboard boxes - tips?,[removed]
191,CatAdvice,Cat peeing on pulled up carpet,[removed]
192,CatAdvice,Shower Water,[removed]
193,CatAdvice,how long should i expect my cat to hate my new kitten for?,"my 6 month old female orange tabby hates my new 4 month old kitty. she constantly tries to attack her if she can see her, which isn’t often because they are kept in separate rooms 24/7, but when we open the door with new kitty, orange kitty sometimes tried to rush in and she’ll go for the kill if she gets the chance. 
relevant info - we’ve had orange kitty since she was 8 weeks old. we’ve had new kitty for 3 weeks. like i said, they’re kept in separate rooms all the time but if they hear each other meow they’ll both stick their paws under the door and “play.” new kitty is not aggressive or scared of orange kitty. new kitty is spayed, orange kitty is set to be spayed first week of december. separate food, water and litter boxes for each. orange kitty is typically affectionate and playful. when she senses new kitty (smell, sight, or hears her) she is aggressive towards us briefly. we bought a barrier for the door so they can see each other but have no physical contact and orange kitty will run full force at it if she sees new kitty, so we keep the door closed nearly all the time anyway unless we can pay full attention to them bc we’re scared she’ll break through and attack new kitty. we gave orange kitty more treats, love and active play time for the first week in hopes she’d associate a new kitty with a better life, but now she’s treated the same as before. my partner and i take turns sleeping on the couch since they have to be kept in separate rooms, and if orange kitty doesn’t have access to us she gets very distressed and will meow and scratch at the door all night."
194,CatAdvice,How to find source of cat poop smell,[removed]
195,CatAdvice,Christmas trees,[removed]
196,CatAdvice,How do I get my cat to stop rubbing her butt on the carpet?,[removed]
197,CatAdvice,Is one Churu tube a day too much? It’s how I give my cat her medication.,"My cat (6 y/o female) is on a daily liquid medication for chronic constipation. It’s a preventative that she’ll have to be on for years. We can’t put it in her wet food because our two cats eat from each others bowls. So I’ve been mixing the medicine with one Churu tube and it’s been working great. But is that too much Churu? I’m going to see how little Churu I can get away with before she notices. Maybe I can reduce down to half a tube. And don’t worry, I’m going to call my vet Monday. :)"
198,CatAdvice,Vet performed unnecessary ceasarean. So upset...,[removed]
199,CatAdvice,Advice on adult cat food,[removed]
200,CatAdvice,Reintroducing siblings,"Hi guys,
I adopted my little cat Bean at 13 weeks old, back in August. I was thinking of getting her a buddy so she has company when I’m out, and realised her brother from the same litter (now 6 months old) hadn’t been rehomed. I’m going to be getting him in December! 
They absolutely loved each other at the point when I picked up Bean. Both have pretty calm and confident personalities. Do you think there’s any chance they might recognise each other, and if not how’s best to go about introducing them? I have essentially a one bed apartment with two bathrooms and a big living room, which Bean normally has free range of."
201,CatAdvice,Need help with Scottish Fold mix from Craigslist,"I've been in contact with this person from Craiglist about a Scottish Fold mix kitten. He's absolutely adorable and the person has complied with all my requests including a video call, videos, pictures and etc. I'll be video calling the person for the first time tommorow to smooth more details over and see the cat but I'm a bit concerned since they originally asked for about $750 as a fee and I managed to get them to consider $350 as the price SURPRISINGLY quickly. They mentioned the cat has arthritis and hasn't been vaccinated or fixed yet and I'd be handling it which is fine with me. I've heard about people adopting pets from Craiglist only to have them die a couple days after adopting them. I'd really love this kitten but I also want to be cautious since it's from Craigslist. I can share the videos and pictures they sent me if anyone wants to check them too. Is there anything else I can do to check if this is legitimate or not?"
202,CatAdvice,My cat has A LOT of energy. Should I get her a friend?,[removed]
203,CatAdvice,My cat has a lump on his lip and I’m worried,"Recently I’ve noticed something on my cats bottom lip, it’s a little lump I’m not sure what it is and I’m worried about him, he’s only 5 years old and Google is telling he has cancer which it not helping whatsoever, so I came here, I haven’t taken him to the vet yet but I maybe should have when I first saw it 3 weeks ago, the first week it was quite small, barely noticeable but now it’s about the size of a newborns pinky which is not that good in my opinion. I just want to see if maybe someone knows what it might be (so far it does not seem Like it’s bothering him yet) 
This probably isn’t the right place for this kind of question but it’s worth a try to ask"
204,CatAdvice,Big Kitty Owners! Feeding my 13lb cat. What's your wet to dry ratio?,[removed]
205,CatAdvice,Advice needed- 2/3 of my cats hate each other,"Hi all! I have 3 cats— 9y/o female mix, 7 y/o rag doll male, and a 1y/o orange tabby male. My tabby and my female cat HATE each other. Any advice on how to at least get them in the same room? Luckily my house is big enough that I’ve been able to keep them separated— one on the main level and one upstairs— but life would be so much easier if they could mix. My rag doll is fine with both.

My tabby and my female cat didn’t start off terribly. My female cat is super alpha, and my tabby is very timid/ nervous, so I think she can sense that in him. They got into a bunch of minor fights, but the last one she nicked  his nose a tiny tiny bit and he has been terrified of her ever since. So, for the past 7 months I’ve had them separated. 

I have a ton of experience with cats, but have never had a situation like this! Any input is appreciated!"
206,CatAdvice,Rescue cat hates me still after a week. Looking for advice to get her to warm up to me,"Took in a stray cat about a week ago. I had been feeding her daily for about 2 years. Im wondering if i made the wrong decision taking her in. I just don't want her to freeze to death or get hit by a car or get into fights with other cats ive seen roaming the area. I'm willing to work with her as long as it takes. 

Things i have done, most of which came from cat advice channels on youtube

She went to the vet for a checkup/shots when i first trapped her.

Made her a special private room with a bed near a window, built her a carpeted box to hide/sleep in.

Removed most hiding places in the room except ones i created for her to keep her from secluding her self. I was letting her roam between rooms but found a video that said i should keep her in one room and just hang out in there.

I bought some catnip spray and sprayed it on her toys but she doesn't use them. I tried staying in the room when i fed her but she won't eat if im in there.

I clean her litter box every day sometimes more than once a day. I put on gloves and sprayed them with catnip to try and coax her into letting me at least get my hand near her and she runs off or if i get too close hisses. I slow blink and stay low to the ground to try and not appear like a threat. 

I know these things can take months or longer, i just want to make sure im doing everything i can and make sure im not doing things wrong. 

thanks"
207,CatAdvice,Advice? (Lengthy read),"Hey guys! 
I need some advice &amp; was hoping to maybe get some feedback before Monday for the sake of my nerves. 

I have a 9 year old cat (Baylor) &amp; he recently came down with a super nasty cough, so I took him to the vet. It was an absolute nightmare &amp; he screamed/relieved himself the entire time he was in the back getting treated. I think (no, I know) he traumatized a beagle named Ralphie as well as 2 other cats &amp; a rabbit. The pigeons resting on the power lines outside probably sought out therapy because of what they heard. It was awful… anyways… 
He was also due for his yearly vaccines, so the vet decided to administer his antibiotics/steroids/vaccines all at once. The alternative was to put him through a 2nd trip &amp; sedate him, but he thought that would be more traumatic than just doing it all at once, so that’s what we did. That’s been 10 days ago exactly, &amp; his vet said the antibiotics would stay in his system for 2 weeks (if that’s relevant). 

Post-vet trip, he definitely didn’t feel well, but that was expected &amp; within 2 days his cough was gone &amp; he’d perked back up. While he was still recovering though, he stayed pretty much under our bed the entire time with the exception to eat &amp; potty. It’s worth noting (I think) that we recently moved in July &amp; our bedroom has carpet, which is something he’s never laid on before. I only mention that because I feel like it’s possible that the reason he is still staying under the bed is because it’s a new hiding spot he discovered that made him feel “safe” while he was feeling sick and plus it’s warm (I’m in KY so winter is settling in). 

But that’s what I need advice on - he’s still under the bed &amp; comes out pretty much never. For a few days he was out &amp; about more often than he is now. Idk. 
He’ll come downstairs &amp; meow for treats, but right back upstairs he goes straight under the bed. 
I have noticed that while he’s still using the litter box, there are a couple drops of pee (likes he’s dribbled) outside the box; however, we have another cat &amp; he’s a hot mess - he’s the messiest litter box user in all the land, so idk that it isn’t him. 

Anyways, he acts 100% normal, he looks normal in the eyes, when I check on him he’s responsive &amp; seems coherent, he just seems to have no desire to leave his little nest under the bed. 
Which, I have no issues with him being under there, so long as he’s okay. 

I’m calling his vet Monday, but was hopeful for some feedback before then. 
I hate to put him back through it because he’ll have to be sedated before they’ll work with him, especially if it’s unnecessary. Jeeze. 

Anyways - thank you for your feedback! 
Happy holidays!"
208,CatAdvice,Trying to catch a cat,[removed]
209,CatAdvice,Advice for cleaning my elderly cat's feet?,"My cat is 18 years old. Recently we've been smelling the litter box everywhere she goes. She looked clean otherwise so we weren't sure what was up. We finally got a look under her feet and litter is really caked around her back pads.

She won't let's us clean them. Any advice on what we can do to help get them cleaned up?"
210,CatAdvice,Cat won’t stop spilling water,[removed]
211,CatAdvice,Changing from RX food to regular.,"My youngest cat was on Royal Canin for allergies but has passed away as of a week ago. (I miss him dearly)

But I still have three other cats to feed and they do not need prescription food. I fed them all the same kind just to make it easier as I didn't want him getting into their food and getting sick.

I am nearing the bottom of the bag and am curious on opinions as to what store bought food I should give them when this bag is empty. Trust me, I would love to continue them on this food but it's quite expensive and I just can't justify it if it's not needed.

I'm not looking for cheap but also not overly expensive.

Thank you in advance!"
212,CatAdvice,Caring for 4-week old kittens,"I regularly fed a pregnant stray cat which gave birth November 1st. She didn’t bring her kittens to me until last week when they were 3 weeks old. I’ve kept her inside since then and provided food and milk/water for her.

Today I came home from work and the mom has died 😔 Fortunately, she died at a place where her kittens couldn’t reach her so they weren’t able to drink her milk. After hours of crying, I soon realized that her kittens still need her as they still can’t process solid food.

How do I take care of 4-week old kittens? What do I feed them, and how often? What do I do? 😣"
213,CatAdvice,adopted cat is pregnant,[removed]
214,CatAdvice,Is my kitten acting normal for his age?,[removed]
215,CatAdvice,What is cat Minoxidil exposure symptoms and how much time needed to watch,"First of all, I apologize for my poor English skills.

Hi, I applied minoxidil to my hair for the first time about eight hours ago.

The environment applied was a toilet where cats are not allowed in, and after applying it, I sat down and started working. About 3 hours ago(4-5 hours after applying minoxidill, I was looking for information about minoxidil and read that it is fatal to cats.

After applying minoxidil, the cats did not touch my hair part or face directly, but I was afraid that they might have come into contact with the residue in my hand, so I washed my hands and wiped them around their bodies with a wet tissue(had no shampoo left for them)

I also took a shower and washed all the minoxidil that was left in my body, changed my clothes,, opened the window of the room where I was sitting, ventilated while them not allowed in

Just now writing this article, the cats are playing well, eating well, going to toilet well, etc. I can not see any symptoms but still I am worried and will watch the whole night.(sadly vet is closed in my time here)

If cats have been exposed to minoxidil, please give me a detailed description of what symptoms can develop in a few hours at most, and how many hours I should watch over them, thanks for help"
216,CatAdvice,Sister keeps attacking her brother,"Hello, I don’t know what to do with my cats. I recently got two young kittens. The male kitten is blind and the female was described as very playful. At first everything was okay, but with time the female cat started attacking the male cat more and more. To the point where she just sees him now and pounces on him. I tried distracting her by making loud sounds, putting her in time out for couple of hours. But after she gets out after some time she attacks him again. Now she scared him into hiding under the couch. 
My friends say it seems like she claimed me and she’s very territorial or just trying to be more dominant. She does not let him sleep with me. They don’t seem to be having issues over food, but I caught them a couple of times fighting over water.

I just don’t want them to fight. Any advice?"
217,CatAdvice,How to stop cat from jumping on dangerous area,"So by my starecase there’s a dangerous ledge, she loves jumping to it but if she misses it goes really far down (the bottom of the staircase). I can’t use foil or anything because it’s more likely she will fall or keep trying. What do I do? Is there any blockage thing I can use? 

Side note: cat is 3 years old, american shorthair"
218,CatAdvice,Cat licks my hair,"Hi everyone! I adopted my cat (3F) about two months ago. I think she's adjusting well, and she seems to have started a new phase of getting comfortable, as she's recently started to sleep at night on the body pillow I keep near the headboard of my bed. I keep it there to lean on when I'm reading in bed so I don't actually use it when I'm sleeping.

The issue is that it puts her over my head, and when I'm falling asleep I've caught her a few times licking my hair, like she's trying to groom me. I don't care about this but I'm worried she's going to swallow hair and it'll cause issues for her, digestively. I have pretty long hair, it's dyed but otherwise I don't put products in it before bed, besides shampoo and conditioner from the shower. Could this make her sick, or give her issues with digestion? If not, I'll let her do it, I just don't want to make her sick."
219,CatAdvice,Cat-friendly dog breeds?,"I know most of this will come down to training and socialisation, but would like to hear from some cat owners who also have dogs! 

I tried searching for cat-friendly breeds but often those ones also have high prey drive, which makes them less cat-friendly...? I'm not a dog owner, but I'm helping a family friend find a dog breed that might work for them. There are outdoor cats and they might get a cat later on, so we want to maximise the chances of getting a cat-friendly dog."
220,CatAdvice,Introducing wet food to kitten,"Right now my 7mo. kitten eats Hills chicken recipe dry food. I know wet food is important, but how do I start introducing it to him? I want to continue to keep out dry food during the day since I go to school. Any help/advice is appreciated."
221,CatAdvice,Can I give my 1 year old cat wet food for senior cats?,"I accidentally brought my cat wet food for 7+ old cats today (same brand, same flavours, same packaging just with a small 7+ sign) but she is 1 year old. I don’t even know how I picked it up and now I feel so stupid. It’s very late where I am and I will not be going out until Monday. Can I feed her this wet food until then or should I just give her her normal dry food (she does not like eating dry food often)?"
222,CatAdvice,"Have to rehome cats after loss of mom, want to know if I’ll be able to see where they end up","Hello, I recently lost my mom unexpectedly and very sadly have to give up our cats because my dad has a dog who would likely attack them. I gave them to paws to be put up for adoption. I love my fur babies and want to know if anyone has been through this and whether you could see who they get adopted to or not cause it would help me to see that they got loving homes. It would make it feel less like I’m losing them too. Thanks"
223,CatAdvice,Can Kittens eat 1+ cat food,I have a 1 year old cat on 1+ age meat and biscuits and am getting a kitten this weekend. I already bought kitten age meat and biscuits for it but my parents said I just wasted my money because both cats are going to eat each others foods anyway. I am just wondering if it’s okay for a kitten to have 1+ food and if I should just feed that to both of them?
224,CatAdvice,Cat staring at skirting boards for hours,[removed]
225,CatAdvice,Putting Food on cat tower or high surfaces?,Normally we put our cats food mat on the top of his cat tower. I think we started originally because there was a dog living with us. My fiancé said he saw something saying you shouldn’t put your cats food on an elevated surface. Any thoughts? I tried researching and all I could find was stuff about elevated cat feeders not necessarily about the good being on an elevated surface like a counter or whatever. Any advice would be helpful. I don’t see the harm in it 🤷🏻‍♀️
226,CatAdvice,Black cat petting issue,"I have two cats, gray and black. One loves getting petted and being super friendly/in your face. The black one is completely opposite by staying mostly isolated and when you pet him he dips his body to get away. I've noticed that his fur gets static build up and when I pet him it sometimes shocks him. I'm not sure if this is why or if just doesn't like getting petted. Any ideas on how to reduce the static build up on him?  He is super soft."
227,CatAdvice,Is it okay to feed my cats once a day?,"Okay for context both my cats are two years old. I had them since kittens and i used to feed them 3 times a day. 6am then 2pm and then 930pm.

 As they got older i switched it to twice a day
630am and 930pm. Both adjusted quick but one cat my calico took a little longer to get used to the new schedule but it was no longer than a few days extra than my other cat. 

Now i feed them once a day at night 930pm but i feed them the same amount of food as i always have but just all at night. They have no problems eating, no vomit, and they are very active after eating which is fine. 

But my concern and i guess annoyance is my calico again is having trouble adjusting. She bothers all day meowing at me for food. Every morning she still thinks shes getting fed and throws a fit. By a fit i just mean meowing at me constantly as i get ready for work at 5am. Its been nearly two weeks now and she hasn’t adjusted to her new feeding schedule. My other cat has and she has no problem. Again i feed them the same amount of food just all at night. Its wet canned food. 
Their weight is healthy as well so i know my calico isn’t starving. 

Is it okay to feed them once a day? How can i help my calico get adjusted to this new feeding schedule? Itd help me alot because well its no fun being meowed at all day for food lol she gets my other cat anxious thinking its food time soon or something."
228,CatAdvice,Should I let my adopted stray roam outside?,[removed]
229,CatAdvice,"Looking for a replacement for standard litter. The little rocks are ALL OVER my house. Want to get something that will stay contained, but also that my cat will take to easily and will be a good system for him. Help!",[removed]
230,CatAdvice,Am I horrible,I am horrible for returning a foster the day after.  I got her as a playmate and to help a cat but she is clingy to the max.  I think the shelter downplayed how much attention she needs.  I can’t give her that (bc of work hours) and she’s not getting along with my kitten though I know that takes time.  And she kneads and scratched on everything.  I feel horrible but would rather give her back now before she forms an attachment
231,CatAdvice,6 year old cat defecating next to litter box for almost two-three weeks.,[removed]
232,CatAdvice,"Found kitten, not sure if he has a home",[removed]
233,CatAdvice,Tips/advice for a new kitten?,[removed]
234,CatAdvice,is wearing lavender oil near my cats ok?,[removed]
235,CatAdvice,Recommendations on litter boxes that keep litter from spilling everywhere,"My cat is a messy queen, and spills litter all over my floor.

Does anyone here have recommendations on any litter boxes that keep litter from spilling everywhere? 

I’m willing to get one that look like a piece of furniture, but don’t want to get ripped off buying something cheap. I’ve bought one before that was way too small for an adult cat."
236,CatAdvice,my baby might be sick but my bf thinks I'm overreacting,[removed]
237,CatAdvice,My (New) Kitten Nurses on Herself,[removed]
238,CatAdvice,Dealing with a rescue cat my dog hates,"I rescued an injured semi-feral cat about 6 weeks ago. She is very shy with everyone else but a complete lap cat with me. The problem is that my 15 year old dog is not adjusting. I’ve followed all the advice I’ve found online and it’s not getting any better. 

The main issue is that the cat and dog both want to be with me. I have a large 2 story house and plenty of room. I’ve bought toys, beds, and a cat tree to keep downstairs in hopes of encouraging the cat to stay down there but she insists on being in my room and will cry outside the door if it is shut. I’ve ignored her but I have to sleep at some point so it’s getting tough. I’ve tried to find her another home but all the rescues are full.

My last option is to put her into the guest room downstairs and just try to visit her when I can but I feel really guilty keeping her locked up. Does anyone have any suggestions of ways to make this work? It’s worth noting that the cat is mostly unbothered by my dog barking and growling and will chose to go under my bed or climb on my desk rather than retreating to one of the many safe spaces I’ve set up for her."
239,CatAdvice,Cat tree re-roping,[removed]
240,CatAdvice,Strange nightly/early morning cat routine?,"Pretty much every night/morning, roughly between the hours of 12am-6am, my 9 month old cat, Cookie, will sit near the front door to my apartment staring at the front door. For hours she will do this; it doesn’t bother me obviously, however it’s beginning to make me concerned for her welfare. Thanks in advance for any advice!"
241,CatAdvice,My cat is stressed and biting the tip of her tail raw,[removed]
242,CatAdvice,cat keeps peeing on the couch?,[removed]
243,CatAdvice,My Sister’s Male Cat Is Extremely Aggressive Since Neutering Him,[removed]
244,CatAdvice,Is my cat okay being alone for 13-14 hours a day?,[removed]
245,CatAdvice,"Cat Aggressively Leads Me To His Food, Even When It’s full.",[removed]
246,CatAdvice,Need help balancing meals for two cats,"I have two cats with extremely different eating habits and I'm not sure how to make sure one of them is eating a healthy amount. I've had one of the cats for almost eight years now (he'll be 8 in a couple months) and he's always been a grazer. He'll eat just a little bit at a time and likes having food in his bowl all day. Several months ago we got a new kitten, he's 11 months old now and is a little food crazy. If food is left out he'll eat it all. This has led to him eating too much food, and my older cat not getting enough and losing some weight. 

I tried giving the older cat wet food at night (along with the dry food during the day) but he rarely eats it all. I've tried ~10 different wet foods and there's only been one kind that he'd eat a whole can of (smaller cans not big ones) but that only lasted about a week before he didn't want it anymore. 

I'm trying to feed them in separate rooms, but my older cat just barely eats any food! I worry I won't be able to break his habit of wanting to eat little bits at a time.

I'm looking for advice on any other ways I could help my cat eat more in one sitting, or some foods with higher protein/calories that could be better for him to eat if he's going to eat such a small amount at a time. Or ways I could get the younger cat to graze on the food as well instead of stuffing himself with any food in sight lol. But I'm worried that would be a much harder behavior to change."
247,CatAdvice,Change in cat's play behavior making me worry about his teeth,[removed]
248,CatAdvice,Sick boy,[removed]
249,CatAdvice,Kitten weeing outside of tray,"Our kitten got neutered over a month ago and a few weeks after he weed outside his litter tray for the first time and previously he's never had any accidents regarding this, so since then we've started to spend more time with him and make sure he gets lots of play in the day and it was going well so we thought maybe it was a one off.

However, today he moved his blanket off his bed and weed on the heating pad there. We aren't sure why this is and what to do from here, I was thinking maybe he's been getting anxious since he was alone while he did this and when he can't see people around he sometimes cries and we have to call him and he will come running. Overall he's a bit more dog like in how he likes company. 

I've also checked on him whilst he's using his tray and he doesn't seem to be in any pain or have difficulty using his tray when he goes. Does anyone have any idea what this could be?"
250,CatAdvice,Sudden change in kittens temperament towards adult cat. Help!!,[removed]
251,CatAdvice,Cat keeps eating things he shouldn’t,"Our almost 2 year old male cat is eating things he shouldn’t. He has had surgery twice now in the past 4 months to have things removed from his stomach/intestines. First time he ate the inner mesh/padding from the couch. Now this time it was some type of rubbery material, almost like a mouse pad or flip flop. We don’t see him eat these things, but he’s also unsupervised during work hours. He is a very happy and confident cat, doesn’t seem anxious. He has access to plenty of toys and eats normal food well. Has anyone else ever dealt with this? What can we do to stop this behavior?"
252,CatAdvice,New kitten and resident cat introduction experience?,[removed]
253,CatAdvice,Got an allergy/intolerance test for my boy. I have no idea what to feed him now.,[removed]
254,CatAdvice,What's your cats oral hygiene routine/methods?,[removed]
255,CatAdvice,"Oldest cat won’t share a litter box, need advice on how to ‘hide’ a littler box",[removed]
256,CatAdvice,I don’t want to leave my babies!,"Hi guys! I’ve been a cat mom before I even began puberty; they’ve all been boys (no specific reason). 

I am now 25 (f) and I have two beautiful Bombay kitties. One male and one (my first ever) female. I love them both so much and I have a very special bond with my 2 year old female, Nyxie. They were both rescues and I’ve had them since they could fit in my hands.

I’ve never really traveled growing up and I certainly haven’t as a young adult. I’ll be going to Montana to meet my partner’s dad in the beginning of the year. We’ll be gone for about a week and I’m dreading leaving my babies. I couldn’t imagine spending a whole week without them- much less them without me!! 

I guess I’m just asking for a bit of assurance… Will my cats forget me or am I being dramatic? I feel absolutely ridiculous making an entire post about this LOL. Please be kind. :’)"
257,CatAdvice,Litter box aversion?,"I have had my cat for 2.5 years and he has NEVER had an issue using the litter box. Recently he has started going next to it or under the bed, never in it. Box is always clean, I've gotten a shallower box, there has been no change to his environment etc, he has seen the vet and been given a clean bill of health, with no improvement. Help! Any advice or suggestions or similar situations?"
258,CatAdvice,Discouraging stray cat from bothering the neighbors,"I've been taking care of a young stray?/feral? cat for nearly 2 months, including one weekend when he got into my apartment and refused to leave for a while. After he finally went back out but tried to get back in again, I was hoping to adopt him but my landlord has said I can't have a pet indoors, then conceded that I could keep feeding it outside.  I'm still pretty heartbroken about it. 

I've got the cat booked for neutering soon, but no shelters will take him due to a combination of overcrowding and his lack of socialization. No vets will even look at him beyond neutering him (which sucks because he's got a weird spot that I want checked out, but that's a whole other problem). None of my friends who foster unsocialized cats can take him yet. I was advised by someone at one of the really good shelters nearby to keep working with him outside in hopes of getting him into adoptable condition by the time they have an opening for him. So the poor little guy is kind of stuck in this situation for now. 

Even though the landlord said I could keep an outdoor cat, recent changes he (the landlord) has made to the property have made the cat prefer to spend most of its time on the new neighbors' property. The landlord installed a panel over the crawlspace under our porch and we found fur stuck to it, suggesting that the cat had tried to squeeze through the panel. We built the cat an outdoor shelter, but it turns out the neighbors have a hole under their porch so the cat prefers it to the shelter. *Sometimes* the neighbors put food near the hole, so they know about him but I don't think they're friends with him the way I am. He also tears open their trash bags to forage through them and leaves a huge mess on their walkway, and he uses some old rubbish on that property as his personal gym. We had bushes that birds hung out in that the cat used to like to watch, but now the landlord has cut them down. The landlord has also put up a giant fence around half the property. 

The cat comes to me when called, usually crossing the neighbors' yard to do so, but now that it's cold, he doesn't want to hang out as much and goes back to the neighbors' house after his meals. I give him a pretty regular food supply, I've put catnip on his stuff here, and I got him one of those little microwavable cat shelter heaters, but after a few minutes he still prefers the safety and spaciousness of being under their porch. He used to show signs of feeling safe with me on our porch, but lately he has  become very jumpy and his socialization progress has regressed a little. 

I'm really worried that the new neighbors are going to get fed up with him. But since my landlord is adamant that the cat cannot be inside and since the cat can't access our crawlspace anymore, I don't know what to do to get him to stay on this property. 

Anyone have any ideas of how to encourage him to stay on this property, or is that fool's errand with strays in winter?"
259,CatAdvice,Christmas,"My cat keeps going into my Christmas tree, like climbing it. He’s been doing it for a few years. Is it a thing he will grow out of? Is there something we can put in the tree to make him stop?"
260,CatAdvice,I cannot ignore my kitty meowing at the door for attention in the middle of the night/early morning! Any ideas on how to get him to stop?,[removed]
261,CatAdvice,Help Needed- Fever of Unknown Origin in 4mo old Kitten-- Delayed Prolonged Vaccine Reaction???,
262,CatAdvice,Friend’s cat died from UTI,"My friend’s male cat died from a UTI this week. I helped pick out the cat and he was only 4 years old. My friend feels extremely guilty because he noticed his cat feeling lethargic not all himself a few days before.  I’m trying to cancel my friend as much as possible without adding any guilt, but I’m deeply disturbed that the cat wasn’t taken in to the vet sooner. What can I say to help my friend feel better even though I feel upset? I keep thinking I would never have let that happen if it were my cat, but I know this is not helpful to my friend."
263,CatAdvice,My kitten fell from the second story,[removed]
264,CatAdvice,How to keep cats off the Christmas tree?,We need suggestions we tried cinnamon and apple cider vinegar and that doesn't stop them they have a million toys but they are more interested on the new light up thing which I understand why any suggestions would help don't want crispy kitties for Christmas
265,CatAdvice,Impromptu AMA - Certified Cat Behavior Consultant and Trainer,"Hi! I’m Laura, one of the mods. I am a professional cat behavior consultant. When I’m not modding this sub, I work full time helping cat owners resolve behavior problems in their cats. I can help with anything from aggression to people, litter box issues, fighting between cats, destructive behavior, attention seeking, and more! 

I usually hold a scheduled AMA once a month here but I have some free time right now, so I’m going to answer questions from now until ???. If the post isn’t locked, you’re good to ask away. 

For more complex behavior issues, I may refer you to my website: www.pawsitivevibescats.com. I do work with clients virtually, so it doesn’t matter where you are. Otherwise, I’ll try to answer specific questions the best I can. 

So go ahead, ask me anything!"
266,CatAdvice,Cat wakes us up every morning,Every morning my cat is annoying. He wakes me and my roommate up by aggressivly scratching the living room door and screaming. Even after we give him food it continues. Does anybody know what we can do about this?
267,CatAdvice,Finally decided to rehome our boy. Been crying all day.,"I wasn’t sure what else to do. Our sweet Yui boy is five, and was wonderful until we had our daughter. However, we tried again and again to get them to connect. For two years now. She is gentle (I’m a stay at home mom and I monitor their interactions, and taught her to pet and not grab his tail or hit). 

He has scratched her eye twice just by her bending down. He has clawed her legs when she walks by, drawing blood. We cannot keep them separated, as we live in a single family home. Our other cat runs away from her (she is old and skittish). Yui attacks. He has even attacked us, because he wants outside. In city limits, we can’t keep him outside.

We have tried keeping them separated, spraying with water, giving him alone time and more cuddles. Nothing is working, and our second baby will be here in early June. This is NOT a case of rehoming home because we are having another. This is, he is stressed, and these scratches (especially near the eye) can be dangerous. 

People think I haven’t tried every other options. I’ve exhausted them all. I’m gutted. He’s going to miss us, my daughter is going to wonder where he went. I’ve been crying all day. I don’t know if he’ll get as much love and treats. I just need to do what’s best for Yui and our kiddos. 

Everyone reaching out has just sent a barrage of attacks. It’s the last thing I need. 

Just need some support from someone who has done the same thing or been through similar situations."
268,CatAdvice,eats everything but the new kibble,she’s 9 months old and i just recently adopted her. i’ve been trying to transition from one kibble to another but she finishes her bowl but leaves behind majority of the new kibble. i put 80% current brand and 20% new brand for her feedings for the past 5 days maybe. sometimes she takes a bite of a few kibbles and doesn’t finish the rest of it. should i just keep trying to incorporate it at 80/20 portions?
269,CatAdvice,"whenever my cat gets hungry she messes with things around me to get my attention and be fed, how do i stop this?","an hour or two before the time i usually feed my cats, one of them figured out if she destroys things around my area it will get my attention and i'll go feed them. i tried ignoring it because i really don't want her to do that every time, but she will rip things up and i have to stop her. why cant she just meow at me like a normal cat?? how do i get her to stop doing this?"
270,CatAdvice,is leaving a kitten home while i go to school ok?,[removed]
271,CatAdvice,How long did it take for Prozac to work for your cat for urinating outside litter box?,[removed]
272,CatAdvice,Kittens won’t use litter tray,"I have a 4 month and 6 month kitten. Both are male. 
They were both very good at using the litter tray and would never have accidents outside their trays, but recently for the past two weeks they have both been popping outside their trays and I don’t know what to do. I haven’t moved their litter tray, so they know where it is and they always have access to it. I am using the same litter as I always have, so I don’t think it is the litter. I clean out their litter trays daily and put fresh litter in weekly. I’m just so confused.
They aren’t neutered yet either (if this is a factor)."
273,CatAdvice,8month old and canned food,"My two kittens are 8 months old and still won’t really eat canned food. 

I tried pate early on then shreds and morsels. They just like the gravy and eat very little of the actual food. 

They eat dry kitten food just fine and I keep a fresh water bowl for them. Any advice??"
274,CatAdvice,"Please help, I don’t want to have to surrender my cat",[removed]
275,CatAdvice,How to get kittens to do trying to nurse?!,"I recently (sept)got a momma cat and her 2 kittens. Mom was a stray that was taken in when she was found with kittens. Kittens were born in June, so they're about 5 months. 

They will not stop nursing! It seems uncomfortable to the mom and no matter how many times we separate them they immediately go back to her and root for the nips. They are literally her size at this point and she is really passive so they just keep pushing her down and getting to it. 

How do I get them to stop???

All female.  Mom had not been spayed yet, will be soon."
276,CatAdvice,Tips for passively entertaining a blind cat?,[removed]
277,CatAdvice,Any idea why my cat whines in her sleep but not when she’s awake?,[removed]
278,CatAdvice,Kitten Siblings - Growling at Toy,"I have two new kittens, ocicats. That get along pretty well. They are siblings. One of them growls every time she has a toy in her mouth. It started with the wand feather toy only, then fuzzy toys, now even the spring toys and strings. I know it's in their nature, but I get nervous for the other kitten who just wants to play. They are still learning how to set boundaries with each other and this is a boundary I am fearful of them learning the hard way. They don't growl when they play with each other. It's just when she has a toy in her mouth. I know it's a sign to stay away. The sister doesn't know that. My instinct is to protect the one that just wants to play but I want to do it in a healthy way. I've tried playing with each separately with the wand toy but hate hearing the other one crying and missing out. Any ideas how to discourage growling at toys? Is this something she can grow out of?"
279,CatAdvice,Christmas with a kitten: okay to come with?,[removed]
280,CatAdvice,Cat bad breath lol in my new kitten,[removed]
281,CatAdvice,Anyone with experience of siblings fighting?,[removed]
282,CatAdvice,Environmentally safe litter,[removed]
283,CatAdvice,Unsure how to proceed with socializing rescued feral cat,"I rescued a young cat back in late October, and they still don't accept being touched. They take food from me as long as it's not directly from my hand (I can place it on the floor or near them, for example) and use all of the amenities provided (food, water, beds, litter) just fine, I can even sit close while they eat and we exchange slow blinks on occasion, but if I reach out with my hand they shy away from it. Which is fine, this was a completely feral cat that may or may not have seen the less kind side of humans while on the streets. 

Now, onto the question at hand: I've been keeping them in a very isolated room, and I only visit for a few minutes 3 times a day. My longest visit is about half an hour long, for dinner time. This seemed like the best idea at first because they were completely feral and not even used to being indoors, and I wanted to give them time to get comfy and decompress, but now it feels like we're stalling and I'm wondering if it would be a good idea to take the cat into my own bedroom, with the idea of getting them used to constant human presence and occasional interaction. Would this be too aggressive of a move? Should I just try to make my visits longer instead?"
284,CatAdvice,New Kitten Peeing on Rug,[removed]
285,CatAdvice,how to keep a house clean with a shed-heavy cat?,[removed]
286,CatAdvice,Where should I place litter box + feeding station for kitty so as to be least gross possible?,[removed]
287,CatAdvice,How to train cats to push cat doors open?,[removed]
288,CatAdvice,Cat Returned Home 30 Days Gone,[removed]
289,CatAdvice,My big alpha girl won't stop picking on my gf's poor submissive beta boy,[removed]
290,CatAdvice,"People who have a cat and have babysat/fostered other cats, how did your cat do?",[removed]
291,CatAdvice,My cat may have had a stroke,[removed]
292,CatAdvice,Is 20 square meters enough space for a cat?,[removed]
293,CatAdvice,adult cat food for my 8 month old,[removed]
294,CatAdvice,i found a kitten/a kitten found me. i’m worried!!!!,[removed]
295,CatAdvice,Cat bullying,"We’ve had our youngest a cat for about a year now. She had no issues with our oldest cat at first, but in the past few months she’s started bullying our oldest cat. She will chase her away from the primary water and food bowl (luckily we have multiple locations for these). But the biggest problem is the litter boxes. We have 3 cats and 5 litter boxes spread out through the levels of our house (some in the basement, some on the main floor). It doesn’t matter what litter box our older cat tries to use. The younger cat will stalk and try to chase her out of the litter box. Of course this is stressing out our older cat and she is going places outside of these litter box locations to feel safe. I’ve always had multiple cats and have never had this problem. What can I do besides move the younger cat exclusively to the basement?"
296,CatAdvice,How do I stop my older cat from scratching the baseboards?,"She has a cat tree, but she completely ignores it and prefers to scratch the baseboards all over the house. She never scratches furniture, just the wall. We've tried an anti-chew spray but it didn't work, tried taping the baseboards, didn't work, not sure what else to try. :/"
297,CatAdvice,unsupervised feedings for 2 cats with different diets,"I drive long-haul (three days at a time) so there are days when I can't feed the cats otherwise I wouldn't be asking this. Whiskey is older and fat, Maxi is the younger, more self controlled cat. Whiskey has been put on a diet with an autofeeder and special food while max is free-fed. It worked great for a while because Maxi's was on a shelf that Whiskey cant reach. Well now he can cause he's lost weight. 

What are my options for keeping their food separate?  

I've seen the chipped feeders that only open for the right cat but isn't that only one or two meals at a time? That wont be enough for some of my trips that are up to 5 days. Also, I'm pretty sure they cost an arm and a leg (which ill do if I have to but looking for alternate options)"
298,CatAdvice,Cat Returned After 30 days gone,[removed]
299,CatAdvice,We need advice,"
Every morning my cat is annoying. He wakes me and my roommate up by aggressivly scratching the living room door and screaming. Even after we give him food it continues. Does anybody know what we can do about this?"
300,CatAdvice,Cat tree advice?,"We're trying to enrich our cat's life rn, working on a catio and looking for a quality cat tree. The problem is, I think I find a good one online and then I see someone say it's wobbly when their cat jumps on it. Honestly any slight movement when my cat jumps on something, and she never touches it again. Does anybody have a cat tree that's relatively simple (minimum on hammocks, bowl things and toys) and is actually sturdy?"
301,CatAdvice,how do I get my cat to use scratching toys?,[removed]
302,CatAdvice,Cat can't decide whether to stay inside or outside,[removed]
303,CatAdvice,"What do? Older cat is hogging both cat trees, leaving no room for my kitten.",[removed]
304,CatAdvice,has anybody had an experience with giardia in cats?,"a cat i adopted a few weeks ago turned out to have giardia from the sanctuary she was in and i am not sure how to proceed. everything the vet suggested to get her to take the meds was to no avail, and i'm expected to go back in for them to show me how to pill her but i've already tried myself and it's definitely something i cannot do by myself. my other concern is that i heard it's a very stubborn virus and cleaning all the places she nests in every single day is not exactly possible, not to mention washing her bottom after defecating sounds like an impossible feat. would it be acceptable to ask the sanctuary from where i adopted her to care for her until she is treated, given that they are obviously a lot more experienced than i, and especially since they knew and didn't tell me. it is either that or, if possible to have her stay at the vet clinic which would probably be way above my budget. my second concern is realistically how easy is it to completely cure giardia, as i have heard some people dealing with it for months. thanks!"
305,CatAdvice,how do I get my cat to stop trying to eat his cat tree?,he keeps trying to rip up the carpet stuff covering it and eat it... i don't understand
306,CatAdvice,Tips on getting cat in carrier?,"I have a VERY scared and skittish cat who needs to go to her first vet appointment tomorrow. I have tried getting her more comfortable with the carrier—letting it sit out in the open, put treats inside. Seems like she remembers what it is from when I took her home 11 months ago. It’s very hard for me to pick her up, she scurries at any indication of being handled and is a pretty large cat. Has anyone had any successful tactics on getting a scared cat inside their carrier?"
307,CatAdvice,Cat knocked glass over on accident(I think),[removed]
308,CatAdvice,Senior cat is constantly messing outside the box.,[removed]
309,CatAdvice,How big do male cats get?,[removed]
310,CatAdvice,Should I feed my 1yo cat more food if she's still hungry?,[removed]
311,CatAdvice,Help me avoid rehoming a scared cat,[removed]
312,CatAdvice,Cat is constantly doing things I dislike to get my attention,[removed]
313,CatAdvice,Kittens poop in tray but one pees on the floor.,[removed]
314,CatAdvice,Best Litter alternatives recommendations?,I'm currently using these pine litter pellets for my kitten but i don't love how i can't use the scooper for it or probably cant use one of those automatic liter cleaners in the future with these But i know the normal liter can irritate their junk so I'm curious what's the best litter out there?
315,CatAdvice,Not eating,[removed]
316,CatAdvice,Readjustment after boarding?,"Hi all! I'm getting ready to pick up my 2 kittens (both 8 months old) from boarding where they have spent 9 days. Luckily, the facility is lovely and they've had lots of room in their living area as well as human interaction and playtime every day, so I'm not particularly worried about them adjusting back to being sociable and playful, etc. However, I know coming home will still be a big adjustment and take some time. 

Will they remember the house and me? Will they remember where their litter box is? Is there anything I can do to make their adjustment home easier for them? Thanks in advance!"
317,CatAdvice,Smelly cat litter,[removed]
318,CatAdvice,my cat keeps stealing,"i got him when he was around 2 months old. my friend found him and i decided to take him in cause she couldn't let him stay. he was always a rather small cat, although he wasn't underweight. he's about a year and 3 months old now and at a healthy weight. it started with food, he'd steal absolutely anything that was left unattended, break into the trash can and eat food out of it, we installed locks and after a ton of time the problem stopped. obviously, we still had to hide everything, because otherwise he'll just eat it all, but he left the trash bin alone. however, not only was he stealing food, but anything that would cause us to get mad or worried, really.  he stole my vitamins and got into my antidepressants a few times, but  thank god he never ate any of it. still, the problem got so worrying recently that we hide my meds in a drawer now.  he gets into some of my drawers and cabinets and steals small stuff from it, like a toy my friend crocheted for me. some time ago he started opening the fridge. it is old and we surely have to get a new one, cause it causes some problems but ffs, how is a cat smart enough to open a fridge? he literally broke the seal at night, this night, and ate almost a whole sausage my parents bought, and the foil it was covered in too. i am mad worried at this point, firstly, because i have no idea what to do, secondly, i'm afraid that he'll get seriously damaged after eating something. don't get me wrong, we try to hide ALL food. but it's freaking impossible to keep all of it away from his sight. and i don't think its normal that he doesn't give up on stealing EVER... also, we feed him 5 times a day.  p.s this is not the only annoying thing he does, cause he tends to be aggressive sometimes, especially towards my mom. i'd think it's just him playing but sometimes he just attacks her and won't let her go. i seriously don't know what to do, if i should play with him more, or something, cause i'm just hopeless. if i forgot to mention anything then just ask me in the comments and i'll provide the info lol. i seriously love him so much but it's just unbearable and atp i'm scared that my parents will get completely fed up cause i can see that they're both stressed and i don't know what to do"
319,CatAdvice,Help,Every morning my cat is annoying. He wakes me and my roommate up by aggressivly scratching the living room door and screaming. Even after we give him food it continues. Does anybody know what we can do about this?
320,CatAdvice,Does anyone know the real ingredients of Molly brand cat food?,[removed]
321,CatAdvice,Wishing to adopt a stray cat,"Hiya 

I have a stray cat that frequently hangs out in my garden. I have put up several posters in the area to see if she belongs to anyone and have not received anything back so far. For the past 3 weeks, I have been feeding her and she has been sleeping in my garden. I bought her a cat bed and she seems to enjoy the space. The problem I am having is she is incredibly skittish- she will not let me approach her to pet her or even just stand next to her. I worry as it is cold outside and I really want to check if she is ok and take her to a vet to see if she has been microchipped etc. I don't own any pets and am wondering if there is a way to get her to trust me. I have tried to bribe her with food, catnip, and toys but nothing seems to be working. Any ideas would be incredibly helpful. I want her to be able to trust me and if she does not have an owner I am looking to adopt. I do not know if this is helpful to anyone but a lot of people seem to this she is a British shorthair cat and she is fairly big so I think an adult but I don't know her age."
322,CatAdvice,New kitten - Overwhelmed by feelings,"I adopted a 4 month old kitten yesterday, It was a hard decision but I thought it would help with my depression - and also because I miss my cat and rabbit from my parent’s home.
I brought him home by train and metro.
He was very quiet for 30 minutes and the next half hour he started meowing on the train. Tears came to my eyes, he was staring at me with his beautiful big eyes while meowing. He will miss his family (and his brother).

Once at home I locked myself in the bathroom with him, I put a pillow under the radiator, and gave him something to eat and drink. I spent two hours sitting on the floor with him, petting him, letting him explore and watching him sleep. Then I let him discover the kitchen and the main room.
He ended up eating, drinking and doing his business in his litter box. When I went to bed he came to snuggle with me, then he stuck to my face. I turned my back and he went to sleep on the sofa.

Everything is going well, only I feel bad. I have no appetite, my nose and throat are a little blocked (I had a cat and a rabbit at my parents' house for 18 years and never had any allergies). I am sensitive to the smell of cat drool when he plays, try to lick my nose. And also he leaves small deposits of fecal matter where he sits (sofa, cat tree, my sheets) probably microscopic but I can smell it. This kitten is clean though.

So here I am with all these feelings. 

He seems quite happy in my apartment, he purrs a lot and asks to play and cuddle. 
I'm afraid to leave him alone during the day for 9 hours, I'm afraid he'll do something bad / get bored.
For the moment I have only one toy, a thing with feathers, but I am afraid that he will ingest it by chewing on it.

I don’t feel like he should sleep in the corridor and not in the main room with me because it would be lonely somehow. But I dont want him IN my bed nor pillow. Only ON my bed would be ok tho."
323,CatAdvice,I’m meeting my cats again after 2 months away from them. Will they remember me? I’m anxious that they’d have forgotten me. How do I make our reunion as peaceful as possible? Any tips?,I had both of them for about a year. They love my roommate and I’m worried our relationship won’t be the same since I was gone for so long.
324,CatAdvice,Anxious when I walk around,"I adopted my second cat from a shelter a few months ago. They said that she was 1 year 4 mos old but I believe she is even a bit younger than that maybe. She lovesss to cuddle and is a total lap cat when I am sitting down, announcing herself with a meow and proceeding to thrash all over my lap, nuzzle my face, knead my belly, and even give me nose nips, BUT when I walk around my apartment she gets so scared of me! When I walk into a room or past her she stops whatever she is doing and books it in another direction. I have tried walking slowly but it doesn't seem to matter. I just want her to feel comfortable in her own home so I'm wondering if anyone has any advice on why this is and what I can do to help with this besides army crawling around my apartment?"
325,CatAdvice,Opaque windows,Will the apartment with non transparent windows affect cat wellbeing? I know that cats love to observe outside environment and I'm not sure if my future cat will be happy without seeing what's going on outside.
326,CatAdvice,Adopted new cat; can’t stop thinking about first one,[removed]
327,CatAdvice,Coping with separation anxiety (?),"Hey y'all, I was wondering if you could give me some advice for my kitty. 

So, I have an upcoming 1 week trip this January. Since my cat hasn't had any experience being left alone for extended periods, I went out of town this weekend and hired a catsitter. The sitter is great, my cat warmed up to her. I have a camera in my apartment to keep an eye on her.

The problem is, my cat has been sitting in front of the door all night waiting for me to come home 🥲 She hasn't moved at all. She's eating ok though and used the litter box ok, but it just breaks my heart seeing her just sitting there. I used the audio on the camera once to tell her it's ok, but she just looked around confused and it was so heartbreaking I didn't do it again 🥲🥲🥲 Help! 

Also, she is in fospice care with me (terminal cancer) so I can't get a companion cat (and she doesn't do well with other cats). I also don't want to put her in a cat hotel. I haven't had any luck finding sitters who can stay overnight."
328,CatAdvice,Need advice for feeding a cat with most of his teeth missing,[removed]
329,CatAdvice,cat potentially ate yarn,[removed]
330,CatAdvice,Post neuter,"My cat neutered about 5 days ago. I followed people from this reddit’s advice, and she’s been doing well. 

At the same day my cat got home, a family member brought in a stray kitten. 

2 days ago, i started to introduce my cat to the kitten. They look like they’re fine together so i let them be together without my watch (I’m sorry). I always leave dry food in the bowl so if they’re hungry, they can just eat. My cat seems weary (?) of the kitten so I’m not sure if he’s eating. 
Later that night, my cat started to sneeze from time to time. 

Yesterday, i let him hang out with the kitten downstairs again. I’m not sure if he’s eating the dry food (I’m sorry again). But he refused to eat the wet food. And his poop is watery.

Today, he looks like he wants to eat but didn’t eat. And his poop is watery too. He looks really tired too. 

Could it be because of stress or health problems? I’m sorry if I look irresponsible. First time taking care of a neutered cat and introducing a new kitten.

Nearby vet is closed atm. I’m planning to take him to the vet tomorrow."
331,CatAdvice,New &amp; old cat slowing getting along until a fight and neighbour feeds old cat and let's in their house.,"Hello, so I've had my male cat T for 13 years, he's still very healthy and active for his age. My friend moved abroad last year and I took in his female cat J 1 year old. They're indoor/outdoor cats in a very cat friendly environment.

T had always been the only cat. After months of slowly introducing them to each other following the standard procedure. They were kind of getting along until one day they had a fight and over the next week T wasn't eating when he came in. Over the next few weeks he stopped coming in  to eat and coming back at all, maybe 1 night a week. It was obvious someone was feeding him. Now 8 weeks later, I've had to work extra hours with the weather getting worse I know T would be sleeping all day. But now I know which neighbour has been looking after him I don't know what to do.

Do I ask them to just stop feeding or stop feeding and not let him in (I know that would upset him as he doesn't want to come home at the minute anyway) while I try to reintroduce the cats? Or should I get him in and keep him locked in for a week (I have a week off before xmas)  and try to get them comfortable with each other again? 

He's obviously happy round my neighbours, if they stop feeding and I keep him in for a while but things don't work I don't want to cause him to be stressed."
332,CatAdvice,"when i lay down in bed, my kitten pees on me",[removed]
333,CatAdvice,Cat won’t stop hissing &amp; batting at new kitten,[removed]
334,CatAdvice,"My boyfriends cat hates me, but only when my boyfriend isn’t home",[removed]
335,CatAdvice,Milk replacement or electrolytes leads to fading kitten syndrome?,[removed]
336,CatAdvice,will my kitten ever grow out of biting?,[removed]
337,CatAdvice,is leaving a kitten home while i go to school ok?,[removed]
338,CatAdvice,Moving in with my boyfriend and his cat who hates my guts,[removed]
339,CatAdvice,Are these the right reasons?,"I want to get a cat. I intend on waiting untill my income is much more steady. I have 4 years until I move out so I plan on getting an older car which will likely die of old age first. It's also positive because people tend to not like older cats(whole thing where people buy kittens and stop liking them as they get older). I also need companionship, I dislike people but start to have anxiety attacks when I spend more than few days without people. Also caring for this cat would help my routine?

I want to know if these are ok reasons?
How much should I save before buying?
Any other recommendations such as food, ect?"
340,CatAdvice,Cat has become quiet and hides a lot,[removed]
341,CatAdvice,Cats trashed room,[removed]
342,CatAdvice,What’s an estimate for lab work?,"My cat is about 8 months old and I noticed black stool in her litter box. I thought maybe it dried up and isn’t a big issue but then I noticed it again today and decided to look it up. 

There could multiple reasons for it &amp; I’m not sure what it narrows down to but I want to take her to the vet and I’m sure they’ll do some type of lab work or something. I just want to know if there is an estimate of how much these cost so I can be prepared?"
343,CatAdvice,Cat introduction not going well… I’m completely lost.,"
We have an 8 year old female cat we adopted over a year ago.
The resident cat’s background/personality:
She was sent to the rescue after her last owner passed. Due to her previous experience with multiple owners and fosters, it takes her a while to warm up to people and she gets scared easily. But once she trusts a person, she turns into such a lovely cat.

And then there is a 1 year old female cat we recently adopted. 
The new cat’s background/personality:
She was a stray cat and was rescued with her little kittens 2-3 months before we adopted her.
She loves attention and food. She constantly purrs, meows, kneads and rubs her face against anyone’s hand. She seemed to be okay around other cats when we went to the rescue centre to see her.


It has been 6 weeks since we brought the new cat home, and they HATE each other.
Here is what’s been going on. (Sorry this is a lot of details)

- When we brought the new cat home, we had our office room ready for her with a litter box, food bowl, cat bed, cat tree, etc. We didn’t let them see each other but let them smell each other through the door. We fed them together (with the door closed) so they can associate food to each other’s smell. The resident cat was quite anxious and hissing a lot. She wasn’t even comfortable passing that door. But over time, she has gotten better and now she can tolerate eating 2 feet away from the door. (But she still hisses and runs off after finishing her food.)

- We have been keeping the new cat in the office room, and the resident cat in the bedroom. They take turns to explore around the house throughout the day. We usually sleep with the resident cat, but I have been sleeping with the new cat in the office room because she meows so much.


- On our week 2, they ran into each other. (My partner just open the office room to see the new cat, and she just ran downstairs to the kitchen) There was no hissing or any interactions other than eye-contact. (But there was a bit of screaming from their humans…)

- On our week 3,  they ran into each other again. (My partner just opened the bedroom door without knowing the new cat was right behind him) And the new cat just straight up attacked the resident cat who was sleeping next to me. The resident cat was absolutely terrified. There was chunks of hair in the new cat’s paws :(

- We let them see each other through a babygate. My partner was on the resident cat’s side and I was on the new cat’s side. The resident cat was 10 feet away from the babygate, hiding under a chair. After a few stares, the new cat attempted to climb the babygate. There were some hissing and howling. We ended the session after that.

- We also got a huge playpen(tent) and installed it in the living room. At first we tried keeping the new cat in the tent all day and let the resident cat approach her when she feels comfortable. For the first 2 days, the resident cat didn’t even come downstairs. On the third day, she came downstairs but when she came closer to the tent, the new cat tried to attack her.


And now we are on week 7. We’ve watched a lot of youtube videos and read many articles, tried calming treats and all different types of Feliway plugins as well. I am so lost and beginning to wonder if it’s time for me to give up. I feel like I’m just torturing the cats and ourselves.

I have many friends who have cats but never heard of any failure stories… Do people often give up on cat introductions? If I continue this, would they eventually get along?

Thanks for reading!"
344,CatAdvice,Advice,[removed]
345,CatAdvice,Cat has red bumps all up and down her hind legs?,[removed]
346,CatAdvice,"New kitten came with blanket and toys with previous owner's scents, won't stop meowing","Hi, I just had a 4.5 months old kitten today, he's adjusting to the environment and to me very well but still show signs of nervous and stress(he hides under my bed and half the time whenever he doesn't feel safe) but he's gotten on my lap, desk, bed and loves getting pet and eat/drinks no problem on day one.

Now, he came with a blanket and bunch of toys from his old house, whenever I take out his old toys and he plays with it by himself he wouldn't stop meowing for a long time. This doesn't happen with any other toys I bought. Does this mean he misses his old house/family, meowing because he's playing with it by himself or just stress/nerves?"
347,CatAdvice,"When my labrador licks my 13 week old kitten’s face, does my kitten understand that it’s friendly?",[removed]
348,CatAdvice,Female Cat Urinating,[removed]
349,CatAdvice,DIY cat tower from cardboard boxes - tips?,[removed]
350,CatAdvice,Cat peeing on pulled up carpet,[removed]
351,CatAdvice,Shower Water,[removed]
352,CatAdvice,how long should i expect my cat to hate my new kitten for?,"my 6 month old female orange tabby hates my new 4 month old kitty. she constantly tries to attack her if she can see her, which isn’t often because they are kept in separate rooms 24/7, but when we open the door with new kitty, orange kitty sometimes tried to rush in and she’ll go for the kill if she gets the chance. 
relevant info - we’ve had orange kitty since she was 8 weeks old. we’ve had new kitty for 3 weeks. like i said, they’re kept in separate rooms all the time but if they hear each other meow they’ll both stick their paws under the door and “play.” new kitty is not aggressive or scared of orange kitty. new kitty is spayed, orange kitty is set to be spayed first week of december. separate food, water and litter boxes for each. orange kitty is typically affectionate and playful. when she senses new kitty (smell, sight, or hears her) she is aggressive towards us briefly. we bought a barrier for the door so they can see each other but have no physical contact and orange kitty will run full force at it if she sees new kitty, so we keep the door closed nearly all the time anyway unless we can pay full attention to them bc we’re scared she’ll break through and attack new kitty. we gave orange kitty more treats, love and active play time for the first week in hopes she’d associate a new kitty with a better life, but now she’s treated the same as before. my partner and i take turns sleeping on the couch since they have to be kept in separate rooms, and if orange kitty doesn’t have access to us she gets very distressed and will meow and scratch at the door all night."
353,CatAdvice,How to find source of cat poop smell,[removed]
354,CatAdvice,Christmas trees,[removed]
355,CatAdvice,How do I get my cat to stop rubbing her butt on the carpet?,[removed]
356,CatAdvice,Is one Churu tube a day too much? It’s how I give my cat her medication.,"My cat (6 y/o female) is on a daily liquid medication for chronic constipation. It’s a preventative that she’ll have to be on for years. We can’t put it in her wet food because our two cats eat from each others bowls. So I’ve been mixing the medicine with one Churu tube and it’s been working great. But is that too much Churu? I’m going to see how little Churu I can get away with before she notices. Maybe I can reduce down to half a tube. And don’t worry, I’m going to call my vet Monday. :)"
357,CatAdvice,Vet performed unnecessary ceasarean. So upset...,[removed]
358,CatAdvice,Advice on adult cat food,[removed]
359,CatAdvice,Reintroducing siblings,"Hi guys,
I adopted my little cat Bean at 13 weeks old, back in August. I was thinking of getting her a buddy so she has company when I’m out, and realised her brother from the same litter (now 6 months old) hadn’t been rehomed. I’m going to be getting him in December! 
They absolutely loved each other at the point when I picked up Bean. Both have pretty calm and confident personalities. Do you think there’s any chance they might recognise each other, and if not how’s best to go about introducing them? I have essentially a one bed apartment with two bathrooms and a big living room, which Bean normally has free range of."
360,CatAdvice,Need help with Scottish Fold mix from Craigslist,"I've been in contact with this person from Craiglist about a Scottish Fold mix kitten. He's absolutely adorable and the person has complied with all my requests including a video call, videos, pictures and etc. I'll be video calling the person for the first time tommorow to smooth more details over and see the cat but I'm a bit concerned since they originally asked for about $750 as a fee and I managed to get them to consider $350 as the price SURPRISINGLY quickly. They mentioned the cat has arthritis and hasn't been vaccinated or fixed yet and I'd be handling it which is fine with me. I've heard about people adopting pets from Craiglist only to have them die a couple days after adopting them. I'd really love this kitten but I also want to be cautious since it's from Craigslist. I can share the videos and pictures they sent me if anyone wants to check them too. Is there anything else I can do to check if this is legitimate or not?"
361,CatAdvice,My cat has A LOT of energy. Should I get her a friend?,[removed]
362,CatAdvice,My cat has a lump on his lip and I’m worried,"Recently I’ve noticed something on my cats bottom lip, it’s a little lump I’m not sure what it is and I’m worried about him, he’s only 5 years old and Google is telling he has cancer which it not helping whatsoever, so I came here, I haven’t taken him to the vet yet but I maybe should have when I first saw it 3 weeks ago, the first week it was quite small, barely noticeable but now it’s about the size of a newborns pinky which is not that good in my opinion. I just want to see if maybe someone knows what it might be (so far it does not seem Like it’s bothering him yet) 
This probably isn’t the right place for this kind of question but it’s worth a try to ask"
363,CatAdvice,Big Kitty Owners! Feeding my 13lb cat. What's your wet to dry ratio?,[removed]
364,CatAdvice,Advice needed- 2/3 of my cats hate each other,"Hi all! I have 3 cats— 9y/o female mix, 7 y/o rag doll male, and a 1y/o orange tabby male. My tabby and my female cat HATE each other. Any advice on how to at least get them in the same room? Luckily my house is big enough that I’ve been able to keep them separated— one on the main level and one upstairs— but life would be so much easier if they could mix. My rag doll is fine with both.

My tabby and my female cat didn’t start off terribly. My female cat is super alpha, and my tabby is very timid/ nervous, so I think she can sense that in him. They got into a bunch of minor fights, but the last one she nicked  his nose a tiny tiny bit and he has been terrified of her ever since. So, for the past 7 months I’ve had them separated. 

I have a ton of experience with cats, but have never had a situation like this! Any input is appreciated!"
365,CatAdvice,Rescue cat hates me still after a week. Looking for advice to get her to warm up to me,"Took in a stray cat about a week ago. I had been feeding her daily for about 2 years. Im wondering if i made the wrong decision taking her in. I just don't want her to freeze to death or get hit by a car or get into fights with other cats ive seen roaming the area. I'm willing to work with her as long as it takes. 

Things i have done, most of which came from cat advice channels on youtube

She went to the vet for a checkup/shots when i first trapped her.

Made her a special private room with a bed near a window, built her a carpeted box to hide/sleep in.

Removed most hiding places in the room except ones i created for her to keep her from secluding her self. I was letting her roam between rooms but found a video that said i should keep her in one room and just hang out in there.

I bought some catnip spray and sprayed it on her toys but she doesn't use them. I tried staying in the room when i fed her but she won't eat if im in there.

I clean her litter box every day sometimes more than once a day. I put on gloves and sprayed them with catnip to try and coax her into letting me at least get my hand near her and she runs off or if i get too close hisses. I slow blink and stay low to the ground to try and not appear like a threat. 

I know these things can take months or longer, i just want to make sure im doing everything i can and make sure im not doing things wrong. 

thanks"
366,CatAdvice,Advice? (Lengthy read),"Hey guys! 
I need some advice &amp; was hoping to maybe get some feedback before Monday for the sake of my nerves. 

I have a 9 year old cat (Baylor) &amp; he recently came down with a super nasty cough, so I took him to the vet. It was an absolute nightmare &amp; he screamed/relieved himself the entire time he was in the back getting treated. I think (no, I know) he traumatized a beagle named Ralphie as well as 2 other cats &amp; a rabbit. The pigeons resting on the power lines outside probably sought out therapy because of what they heard. It was awful… anyways… 
He was also due for his yearly vaccines, so the vet decided to administer his antibiotics/steroids/vaccines all at once. The alternative was to put him through a 2nd trip &amp; sedate him, but he thought that would be more traumatic than just doing it all at once, so that’s what we did. That’s been 10 days ago exactly, &amp; his vet said the antibiotics would stay in his system for 2 weeks (if that’s relevant). 

Post-vet trip, he definitely didn’t feel well, but that was expected &amp; within 2 days his cough was gone &amp; he’d perked back up. While he was still recovering though, he stayed pretty much under our bed the entire time with the exception to eat &amp; potty. It’s worth noting (I think) that we recently moved in July &amp; our bedroom has carpet, which is something he’s never laid on before. I only mention that because I feel like it’s possible that the reason he is still staying under the bed is because it’s a new hiding spot he discovered that made him feel “safe” while he was feeling sick and plus it’s warm (I’m in KY so winter is settling in). 

But that’s what I need advice on - he’s still under the bed &amp; comes out pretty much never. For a few days he was out &amp; about more often than he is now. Idk. 
He’ll come downstairs &amp; meow for treats, but right back upstairs he goes straight under the bed. 
I have noticed that while he’s still using the litter box, there are a couple drops of pee (likes he’s dribbled) outside the box; however, we have another cat &amp; he’s a hot mess - he’s the messiest litter box user in all the land, so idk that it isn’t him. 

Anyways, he acts 100% normal, he looks normal in the eyes, when I check on him he’s responsive &amp; seems coherent, he just seems to have no desire to leave his little nest under the bed. 
Which, I have no issues with him being under there, so long as he’s okay. 

I’m calling his vet Monday, but was hopeful for some feedback before then. 
I hate to put him back through it because he’ll have to be sedated before they’ll work with him, especially if it’s unnecessary. Jeeze. 

Anyways - thank you for your feedback! 
Happy holidays!"
367,CatAdvice,Trying to catch a cat,[removed]
368,CatAdvice,Advice for cleaning my elderly cat's feet?,"My cat is 18 years old. Recently we've been smelling the litter box everywhere she goes. She looked clean otherwise so we weren't sure what was up. We finally got a look under her feet and litter is really caked around her back pads.

She won't let's us clean them. Any advice on what we can do to help get them cleaned up?"
369,CatAdvice,Cat won’t stop spilling water,[removed]
370,CatAdvice,Changing from RX food to regular.,"My youngest cat was on Royal Canin for allergies but has passed away as of a week ago. (I miss him dearly)

But I still have three other cats to feed and they do not need prescription food. I fed them all the same kind just to make it easier as I didn't want him getting into their food and getting sick.

I am nearing the bottom of the bag and am curious on opinions as to what store bought food I should give them when this bag is empty. Trust me, I would love to continue them on this food but it's quite expensive and I just can't justify it if it's not needed.

I'm not looking for cheap but also not overly expensive.

Thank you in advance!"
371,CatAdvice,Caring for 4-week old kittens,"I regularly fed a pregnant stray cat which gave birth November 1st. She didn’t bring her kittens to me until last week when they were 3 weeks old. I’ve kept her inside since then and provided food and milk/water for her.

Today I came home from work and the mom has died 😔 Fortunately, she died at a place where her kittens couldn’t reach her so they weren’t able to drink her milk. After hours of crying, I soon realized that her kittens still need her as they still can’t process solid food.

How do I take care of 4-week old kittens? What do I feed them, and how often? What do I do? 😣"
372,CatAdvice,adopted cat is pregnant,[removed]
373,CatAdvice,Is my kitten acting normal for his age?,[removed]
374,CatAdvice,What is cat Minoxidil exposure symptoms and how much time needed to watch,"First of all, I apologize for my poor English skills.

Hi, I applied minoxidil to my hair for the first time about eight hours ago.

The environment applied was a toilet where cats are not allowed in, and after applying it, I sat down and started working. About 3 hours ago(4-5 hours after applying minoxidill, I was looking for information about minoxidil and read that it is fatal to cats.

After applying minoxidil, the cats did not touch my hair part or face directly, but I was afraid that they might have come into contact with the residue in my hand, so I washed my hands and wiped them around their bodies with a wet tissue(had no shampoo left for them)

I also took a shower and washed all the minoxidil that was left in my body, changed my clothes,, opened the window of the room where I was sitting, ventilated while them not allowed in

Just now writing this article, the cats are playing well, eating well, going to toilet well, etc. I can not see any symptoms but still I am worried and will watch the whole night.(sadly vet is closed in my time here)

If cats have been exposed to minoxidil, please give me a detailed description of what symptoms can develop in a few hours at most, and how many hours I should watch over them, thanks for help"
375,CatAdvice,Sister keeps attacking her brother,"Hello, I don’t know what to do with my cats. I recently got two young kittens. The male kitten is blind and the female was described as very playful. At first everything was okay, but with time the female cat started attacking the male cat more and more. To the point where she just sees him now and pounces on him. I tried distracting her by making loud sounds, putting her in time out for couple of hours. But after she gets out after some time she attacks him again. Now she scared him into hiding under the couch. 
My friends say it seems like she claimed me and she’s very territorial or just trying to be more dominant. She does not let him sleep with me. They don’t seem to be having issues over food, but I caught them a couple of times fighting over water.

I just don’t want them to fight. Any advice?"
376,CatAdvice,How to stop cat from jumping on dangerous area,"So by my starecase there’s a dangerous ledge, she loves jumping to it but if she misses it goes really far down (the bottom of the staircase). I can’t use foil or anything because it’s more likely she will fall or keep trying. What do I do? Is there any blockage thing I can use? 

Side note: cat is 3 years old, american shorthair"
377,CatAdvice,Cat licks my hair,"Hi everyone! I adopted my cat (3F) about two months ago. I think she's adjusting well, and she seems to have started a new phase of getting comfortable, as she's recently started to sleep at night on the body pillow I keep near the headboard of my bed. I keep it there to lean on when I'm reading in bed so I don't actually use it when I'm sleeping.

The issue is that it puts her over my head, and when I'm falling asleep I've caught her a few times licking my hair, like she's trying to groom me. I don't care about this but I'm worried she's going to swallow hair and it'll cause issues for her, digestively. I have pretty long hair, it's dyed but otherwise I don't put products in it before bed, besides shampoo and conditioner from the shower. Could this make her sick, or give her issues with digestion? If not, I'll let her do it, I just don't want to make her sick."
378,CatAdvice,Cat-friendly dog breeds?,"I know most of this will come down to training and socialisation, but would like to hear from some cat owners who also have dogs! 

I tried searching for cat-friendly breeds but often those ones also have high prey drive, which makes them less cat-friendly...? I'm not a dog owner, but I'm helping a family friend find a dog breed that might work for them. There are outdoor cats and they might get a cat later on, so we want to maximise the chances of getting a cat-friendly dog."
379,CatAdvice,Introducing wet food to kitten,"Right now my 7mo. kitten eats Hills chicken recipe dry food. I know wet food is important, but how do I start introducing it to him? I want to continue to keep out dry food during the day since I go to school. Any help/advice is appreciated."
380,CatAdvice,Can I give my 1 year old cat wet food for senior cats?,"I accidentally brought my cat wet food for 7+ old cats today (same brand, same flavours, same packaging just with a small 7+ sign) but she is 1 year old. I don’t even know how I picked it up and now I feel so stupid. It’s very late where I am and I will not be going out until Monday. Can I feed her this wet food until then or should I just give her her normal dry food (she does not like eating dry food often)?"
381,CatAdvice,"Have to rehome cats after loss of mom, want to know if I’ll be able to see where they end up","Hello, I recently lost my mom unexpectedly and very sadly have to give up our cats because my dad has a dog who would likely attack them. I gave them to paws to be put up for adoption. I love my fur babies and want to know if anyone has been through this and whether you could see who they get adopted to or not cause it would help me to see that they got loving homes. It would make it feel less like I’m losing them too. Thanks"
382,CatAdvice,Can Kittens eat 1+ cat food,I have a 1 year old cat on 1+ age meat and biscuits and am getting a kitten this weekend. I already bought kitten age meat and biscuits for it but my parents said I just wasted my money because both cats are going to eat each others foods anyway. I am just wondering if it’s okay for a kitten to have 1+ food and if I should just feed that to both of them?
383,CatAdvice,Cat staring at skirting boards for hours,[removed]
384,CatAdvice,Putting Food on cat tower or high surfaces?,Normally we put our cats food mat on the top of his cat tower. I think we started originally because there was a dog living with us. My fiancé said he saw something saying you shouldn’t put your cats food on an elevated surface. Any thoughts? I tried researching and all I could find was stuff about elevated cat feeders not necessarily about the good being on an elevated surface like a counter or whatever. Any advice would be helpful. I don’t see the harm in it 🤷🏻‍♀️
385,CatAdvice,Black cat petting issue,"I have two cats, gray and black. One loves getting petted and being super friendly/in your face. The black one is completely opposite by staying mostly isolated and when you pet him he dips his body to get away. I've noticed that his fur gets static build up and when I pet him it sometimes shocks him. I'm not sure if this is why or if just doesn't like getting petted. Any ideas on how to reduce the static build up on him?  He is super soft."
386,CatAdvice,Is it okay to feed my cats once a day?,"Okay for context both my cats are two years old. I had them since kittens and i used to feed them 3 times a day. 6am then 2pm and then 930pm.

 As they got older i switched it to twice a day
630am and 930pm. Both adjusted quick but one cat my calico took a little longer to get used to the new schedule but it was no longer than a few days extra than my other cat. 

Now i feed them once a day at night 930pm but i feed them the same amount of food as i always have but just all at night. They have no problems eating, no vomit, and they are very active after eating which is fine. 

But my concern and i guess annoyance is my calico again is having trouble adjusting. She bothers all day meowing at me for food. Every morning she still thinks shes getting fed and throws a fit. By a fit i just mean meowing at me constantly as i get ready for work at 5am. Its been nearly two weeks now and she hasn’t adjusted to her new feeding schedule. My other cat has and she has no problem. Again i feed them the same amount of food just all at night. Its wet canned food. 
Their weight is healthy as well so i know my calico isn’t starving. 

Is it okay to feed them once a day? How can i help my calico get adjusted to this new feeding schedule? Itd help me alot because well its no fun being meowed at all day for food lol she gets my other cat anxious thinking its food time soon or something."
387,CatAdvice,Should I let my adopted stray roam outside?,[removed]
388,CatAdvice,"Looking for a replacement for standard litter. The little rocks are ALL OVER my house. Want to get something that will stay contained, but also that my cat will take to easily and will be a good system for him. Help!",[removed]
389,CatAdvice,Am I horrible,I am horrible for returning a foster the day after.  I got her as a playmate and to help a cat but she is clingy to the max.  I think the shelter downplayed how much attention she needs.  I can’t give her that (bc of work hours) and she’s not getting along with my kitten though I know that takes time.  And she kneads and scratched on everything.  I feel horrible but would rather give her back now before she forms an attachment
390,CatAdvice,6 year old cat defecating next to litter box for almost two-three weeks.,[removed]
391,CatAdvice,"Found kitten, not sure if he has a home",[removed]
392,CatAdvice,Tips/advice for a new kitten?,[removed]
393,CatAdvice,is wearing lavender oil near my cats ok?,[removed]
394,CatAdvice,Recommendations on litter boxes that keep litter from spilling everywhere,"My cat is a messy queen, and spills litter all over my floor.

Does anyone here have recommendations on any litter boxes that keep litter from spilling everywhere? 

I’m willing to get one that look like a piece of furniture, but don’t want to get ripped off buying something cheap. I’ve bought one before that was way too small for an adult cat."
395,CatAdvice,my baby might be sick but my bf thinks I'm overreacting,[removed]
396,CatAdvice,My (New) Kitten Nurses on Herself,[removed]
397,CatAdvice,Dealing with a rescue cat my dog hates,"I rescued an injured semi-feral cat about 6 weeks ago. She is very shy with everyone else but a complete lap cat with me. The problem is that my 15 year old dog is not adjusting. I’ve followed all the advice I’ve found online and it’s not getting any better. 

The main issue is that the cat and dog both want to be with me. I have a large 2 story house and plenty of room. I’ve bought toys, beds, and a cat tree to keep downstairs in hopes of encouraging the cat to stay down there but she insists on being in my room and will cry outside the door if it is shut. I’ve ignored her but I have to sleep at some point so it’s getting tough. I’ve tried to find her another home but all the rescues are full.

My last option is to put her into the guest room downstairs and just try to visit her when I can but I feel really guilty keeping her locked up. Does anyone have any suggestions of ways to make this work? It’s worth noting that the cat is mostly unbothered by my dog barking and growling and will chose to go under my bed or climb on my desk rather than retreating to one of the many safe spaces I’ve set up for her."
398,CatAdvice,Cat tree re-roping,[removed]
399,CatAdvice,Strange nightly/early morning cat routine?,"Pretty much every night/morning, roughly between the hours of 12am-6am, my 9 month old cat, Cookie, will sit near the front door to my apartment staring at the front door. For hours she will do this; it doesn’t bother me obviously, however it’s beginning to make me concerned for her welfare. Thanks in advance for any advice!"
400,CatAdvice,My cat is stressed and biting the tip of her tail raw,[removed]
401,CatAdvice,cat keeps peeing on the couch?,[removed]
402,CatAdvice,My Sister’s Male Cat Is Extremely Aggressive Since Neutering Him,[removed]
403,CatAdvice,Is my cat okay being alone for 13-14 hours a day?,[removed]
404,CatAdvice,"Cat Aggressively Leads Me To His Food, Even When It’s full.",[removed]
405,CatAdvice,Need help balancing meals for two cats,"I have two cats with extremely different eating habits and I'm not sure how to make sure one of them is eating a healthy amount. I've had one of the cats for almost eight years now (he'll be 8 in a couple months) and he's always been a grazer. He'll eat just a little bit at a time and likes having food in his bowl all day. Several months ago we got a new kitten, he's 11 months old now and is a little food crazy. If food is left out he'll eat it all. This has led to him eating too much food, and my older cat not getting enough and losing some weight. 

I tried giving the older cat wet food at night (along with the dry food during the day) but he rarely eats it all. I've tried ~10 different wet foods and there's only been one kind that he'd eat a whole can of (smaller cans not big ones) but that only lasted about a week before he didn't want it anymore. 

I'm trying to feed them in separate rooms, but my older cat just barely eats any food! I worry I won't be able to break his habit of wanting to eat little bits at a time.

I'm looking for advice on any other ways I could help my cat eat more in one sitting, or some foods with higher protein/calories that could be better for him to eat if he's going to eat such a small amount at a time. Or ways I could get the younger cat to graze on the food as well instead of stuffing himself with any food in sight lol. But I'm worried that would be a much harder behavior to change."
406,CatAdvice,Change in cat's play behavior making me worry about his teeth,[removed]
407,CatAdvice,Sick boy,[removed]
408,CatAdvice,Kitten weeing outside of tray,"Our kitten got neutered over a month ago and a few weeks after he weed outside his litter tray for the first time and previously he's never had any accidents regarding this, so since then we've started to spend more time with him and make sure he gets lots of play in the day and it was going well so we thought maybe it was a one off.

However, today he moved his blanket off his bed and weed on the heating pad there. We aren't sure why this is and what to do from here, I was thinking maybe he's been getting anxious since he was alone while he did this and when he can't see people around he sometimes cries and we have to call him and he will come running. Overall he's a bit more dog like in how he likes company. 

I've also checked on him whilst he's using his tray and he doesn't seem to be in any pain or have difficulty using his tray when he goes. Does anyone have any idea what this could be?"
409,CatAdvice,Litter box dilemma,[removed]
410,CatAdvice,Cat is stealing people food,[removed]
411,CatAdvice,Cat too anxious for blood pressure readings,[removed]
412,CatAdvice,"Our 2 cats (7.5 year old females), litter mates who have lived together their whole lives, now have to be separated at all times due to sudden severe aggression towards each other.",[removed]
413,CatAdvice,"Our 2 cats (7.5 year old females), littermates who have lived together their whole lives, now have to be separated at all times due to severe aggression towards each other. Really at a loss of what to do.",
414,CatAdvice,Is an apartment life good for my cat?,"Hey, 

My cat was a stray. I adopted her a year ago. We lived in a cottage with plenty of enclosed lawn area where dogs didn't get in. She does roam outside the area. 

We are considering moving to a new place. There are 3 bedroom (2 washroom) and it's on the ground floor. There are other building around too. And the main problem is that there person next door has an agressive dog. I don't think they let him out. But we are not sure of that. Plus there are community strays around the area. 

Is it a good idea to move in and keep her as a fully indoor cat? 

Best case scenario would be that they neighbor will keep their dog inside so she can roam around. But I think its most likely that we should keep her as a completely indoor cat. 

I am just worried that since she liked to spend time in the lawn and roam around she will be stressed in the new home. 

What do you guys think???"
415,CatAdvice,Possible to see blood using pine pellets?,Title. Do the urine saw bits become red due to the blood?
416,CatAdvice,sterilizing male cat to stop peeing at random places?,[removed]
417,CatAdvice,how to get kittens to get along,"i adopted a kitten 3 months ago and didn't get a pair at that time because i live with my parents, who were adamant on only getting one at that time. however, i told them the research about how kittens are happier and usually healthier as pairs so i went adopted another kitten a week ago. my first kitten (pepsi) is 5 mo, and my new kitten (soot) is 3 mo, but my first kitten is about 3x the size of the new one lol. pepsi was pretty stressed at first, but after an introduction over a few days he's obsessed with her and wants to play, and is trilling and showing no signs of aggression. however, he tends to pounce and play too hard so soot is fearful and continues to hiss and growl whenever he moves to fast. he sometimes pounces on her and she hates that and i clap to separate them. she will sometimes instigate things too though haha. do you guys have any advice on how to make soot less fearful of pepsi, for a new cat owner? thank u all!! tried a feliway diffuser and having them share churu snacks haha. they sleep in separate rooms but have been having supervised play for the past three days."
418,CatAdvice,My neutered cat humps my blanket on top of me.,[removed]
419,CatAdvice,why aren't my cats getting along,"I have 2 cats, both between 1-2 years old, female, fixed, and from the same breeder (but different litters). The first is a grey tabby named Whisper, and the second is a calico named Calypso. They usually get along fine, sure they might get upset with each other every now and then, but they are usually over it with a day, maybe 2, and can be seen snuggling with and cleaning each other less than a week later. But recently Calypso has been growling? (Not really growling but I can't think of a better word for it) and hissing any time Whisper is nearby. It's been going on for a few days now and I just heard a scuffle an entered the dining room to see Calypso on the table hissing at Whisper who was on a chair looking at her. Whisper never growls or hisses at Calypso (even in previous fights) and doesn't even seem concerned when they are in the same room whereas Calypso won't take her eyes off Whisper for more than 20 seconds and is constantly making noise if she can even smell her. At this point I don't know what to do, they are currently separated to different rooms and will be for the rest of the night. Any advice on what I should do moving forward?"
420,CatAdvice,Trying to get one half of bonded pair to come inside after other cat's death,[removed]
421,CatAdvice,Desexing,"Hello, I currently have a male cat that is desexed. I am currently thinking of getting another male cat as a friend. Should I desex the new kitten or should it be okay?"
422,CatAdvice,Need advice on how to administer injections.,"Hello. Our baby boy was recently diagnosed with FIP. Does anyone have any advice on how to make it not as horrible for our cat (and ourselves)? The first time we did the shot, he was still feeling the sedatives he received that day from the vet so he didn’t react as bad. But now that he’s feeling a little bit better after some fluids have been drained from his chest, he fights us now and even bit me today (didn’t break skin luckily). Any advice is appreciated. Thanks!"
423,CatAdvice,"Suggestions for kitten toys? ~6 mo twins, active kitten loves shredding blinds and is causing lots of damage!","Hi y'all! Adopted two fluffy Siamese mix sisters in June, everything pretty smooth except we're struggling to provide enough play for one of them. Wisp is a very active kitty who loves hunting and fighting and biting, she definitely has her snuggly moments and loves us and her sister but has sooo much energy. It's proving difficult to keep her focused on toys for longer periods of time, once she gets bored of playing with a toy and we stop, she immediately starts to attack stuff in the house. 

The blinds are a big issue accelerating our need for toys because she is systemically destroying them. Every window blind has pieces missing and we're increasingly afraid that our landlord will take notice of it if she continues. Keeping them rolled up isn't feasible as we're visible for anyone coming in the apartment building due to our apt placement. Curtains are against the lease terms unfortunately too.

Getting her redirected to toys is just getting harder with time. If anyone can suggest toys that might scratch this itch for her please let me know!! Anything work for your cats? Got any ideas that might fit what she needs? I'm running low on ideas. Details on what we've learned so far:

What she seems to enjoy is being able to reach/jump up and hunt things above her. The blinds are heavenly, she also climbed and ripped apart a small potted tree. Climbing it and hunting the leaves as they shook in response to her climbing was irresistible. She got bored when the leaves were all ripped off and the thin trunk was bent sideways so climbing wasn't very good.

I have a tall tower scratcher, medium height cat tree with 3 tallish levels, and a dangling bungee toy attached to a doorway arch. They just can't compete with the sweet sweet blinds. Other toys she likes but can't focus on anymore are the little plastic springs to hunt, and feather/ribbon bird on a wand. If these fail to work for short play sessions I don't know what we'll do to entertain her anymore haha."
424,CatAdvice,will cat get bored of chicken and rice?,[removed]
425,CatAdvice,Advice on my cat using her paws to eat wet food,"Alright, well like the title says, my 4 y/o cat has developed a habit of sticking/dipping/spooning out her food with her paws. 

She’s always been a bit quirky, and I discovered quickly after I adopted her at 3 months, that if I gave her wet food without mashing it up completely with water into a thinner paste/soup, that she would just grab chunks and pull them on the floor. She also ate her dry food so fast that I had to buy her a slow feeder.

She’s done well with adjustments I made according to her weird habits  and I haven’t really had issues until a few months ago when I noticed she was using her paws to scoop out her wet food and either lick it off her paws, or eat it off the ground.

I thought maybe the dish we had was too deep and narrow and it was hurting her whiskers to use that bowl, so I bought bowls that are flat and wide. Unfortunately it hasn’t helped and I’m running out of ideas. I’ve even put down a mat to help curb messes.

I’m now thinking that maybe I should get an elevated pet bowl to see if it’s more to do with the discomfort of eating from a bowl on the floor.

I’m wondering if anyone else has dealt with this sort of problem before and what things were tried and what worked.

I’m just worried because she’ll jump straight from her litter and then use her paws to eat. I can’t imagine that’s good for her :( not to mention I obviously don’t want my cat eating straight off the floor. Sometimes I step in food without realizing and she’ll just eat that too. Or she’ll eat random hair and then have hairball issues that she’s already prone to.

One other weird food bowl issue I’ve also noticed recently is that she sometimes gets in this obsessive mindset of trying to bury her food. Of course she cannot dig into my floor, she she ends up scratching around her bowl until sometimes she tips it over. I have her food dish as far from her litterbox as I can have it, because I’ve read that sometimes cat’s will want to bury their scent and of course a kill/eating area is something cats would want to coverup from predators or other cats.

I know it’s a lot of info, but I’m hoping someone will have gone through something similar and can give me ideas that I haven’t tried."
426,CatAdvice,Extreme Cat behaviour advice needed.,[removed]
427,CatAdvice,Worried about my outdoor cat,[removed]
428,CatAdvice,can i feed tiki cat wet food to my 3 month old kitten?,[removed]
429,CatAdvice,Problem with cats ears?,[removed]
430,CatAdvice,Did I erase my cats good memories?,[removed]
431,CatAdvice,How to change my cat habit to wake me up at 6am?,"When I first got my cat, a year and half ago, I made a critical mistake: I gave her kibble each morning, when I woke up.
After a few months, when I noticed she was waking me up to demand her food, I stopped doing that, and gave her food each evening instead. 

The problem is, she never unlearned this habit, and since then wake me up nearly each morning at 4-6 am. 
She is very demanding, purring, licking, climbing me, and above all, the dreadfully ""paw in the eye"" maneuver!
She is relentless, until I'm up and about, then she will go eat without further problem and let me go back to sleep (if I manage to...)

Some details:

She have a tower feeder.  Each evening I put enough kibble for 24h. So she have far enough kibble in the tower for her morning meal. 

She know how to feed herself from the tower, and doesn't need me. She just wait until I'm up and in the same room as the feeder to do it... I don't even have to approach the feeder, just being in the same room... 

To be more precise, there is a stair leading to the main room. 
If I am on the last step of the stair, she will wait, keep peace between the feeder and me, prodding me to continue. 
If I make one more step to be in the room, she will be content and eat, I'm not needed anymore..

My apartment is really open, with no door that I could use to prevent her from sleeping with me and walking me up (and I like the fact that she sleep with me every night)

Do you have any idea how I could make her unlearn this bad habit of her? I'd like to get a good night of sleep sometimes!"
432,CatAdvice,Why is my cat rolling on the floor when I brush her?,"My cat is a 2 year-old spayed female, domestic shorthair. Before I adopted her from the shelter, she was a stray. 

Whenever I try to brush her, she puts herself on the floor 5 seconds after I start brushing. And, start rolling on her back. As she rolls, I brush the side of her that's not on the floor.

What's confusing me is: what's the reason for non-stop rolling? Does she enjoy it or does she feel itchy?"
433,CatAdvice,Royal canin healthy/good for kittens? (CANADA),[removed]
434,CatAdvice,"Single Cat Syndrome with adult cat, need help","My cat (2.5y neutered female) I adopted as a sole kitten. I just very recently learned about single Kitten Syndrome and feel so guilty for adopting her alone and feel like her quality of life is so low because she doesn’t have a friend. My sister has two cats but we’ve tried for over a year to slowly socialize them together and it is absolutely not working. When they have accidentally gotten at each other with no cage, My cat will run after them and pounce on them when their social cues indicate they don’t want that. My sister is very well versed in cat care so we have been taking all the proper steps to try and socialize them slowly but she just won’t reduce her aggression. I think she’s trying to play but they perceive it as an attack - which it pretty much is. 

I really want to help her overcome this, as she’s going to be without me soon when I go off to college next summer. I want her to have someone else to play with besides my dad and sister because they are busy people. I also would like her to be able to move from my dads house with me eventually and I don’t feel comfortable with her being away from our remote area with no other outdoor cats. My ultimate goal is for her to be able to be more of an indoor cat (I’m aware of the ethical and environmental problems with indoor/outdoor cats which is why I want her to get more stimulation within the home so she doesn’t crave the outdoors so much). My question currently is: Would it be a good idea to get her her own kitten friend? The reason I think it might be better is because my sisters cats are heavily bonded and are already afraid of her. I don’t see them warming up to her anytime soon. I thought maybe it would be a good idea to teach her to socialize appropriately on her own new friend, maybe a kitten because she might be more gentle with it? I just want her to be happy without having to be outside most of the day, and I wish this wasn’t a problem I love her so much and want her to have cat friends to play with. Please be gentle about this I am already so anxious about her and her happiness i shame myself so much for this. Please let me know if this would be a good idea and if you have any other suggestions. Thank you :)"
435,CatAdvice,Reduce cat food smell in my home,[removed]
436,CatAdvice,Crusty Cat Privates - Post-Neuter Help Needed,[removed]
437,CatAdvice,Outdoor cat just ran in to my house.,"So I opened the door to my apt. and a black kitty just ran on in. I have my own indoor cat who I put in the bedroom once he saw the other cat, giving the outdoor cat some time to run around my apartment, and check out my cats litter and food. I have the outdoor cat now locked in the bathroom but I’m not sure what to do. I’m also concerned about the safety of my indoor cat especially considering the outdoor cat managed to rub up against everything in the house before I could contain him in the bathroom. Any advice?"
438,CatAdvice,Are there any high sided sifting litter boxes than can be used with pine litter?,[removed]
439,CatAdvice,Toy recommendations for 7 year old indoor cat?,"He was very playful as a kitten but now he hisses at toys 🤷‍♀️ 

Toys he doesn’t show interest in:

-any kind of string toys, wands
- feathers
- mice 
- balls
- cat puzzle with treats inside 
- tunnel 
- that ball toy thing that makes the ball roll in a circle 

Things he likes:

- cat tree
- chasing his sister (playing tag)

He has access to the back patio and has huge window to look outside upstairs.  

What else could I offer him? I’m out of ideas. 
I want to stimulate him. He meows a lot of boredom 😞"
440,CatAdvice,Dewormer,"Hello! I need some advice regarding a sweet stray who decided that we will be his family and he basically let us know that we will be adopting him. 

We took him to the vet today for an exam &amp; vaccinations. We scheduled his neuter for December 12. The vet estimates that he’s around a year old.

He’s healthy overall but tested positive for roundworms- not surprising since he’s lived outdoors for most of his life. We have him quarantined in our climate controlled garage so he is warm and safe. My question is - how long until the worms are gone? I’m ready to bring him into live with us but we have 2 cats and we don’t want to spread worms. 

Thanks I’m advance! I forgot to ask the vet today. He had a meltdown as soon as we went toward the car. Once we got into the vet he peed and pooped in his carrier and was almost inconsolable. I can’t help but think he remembers being dumped on the side of the road. He loves us so much and I hate having to keep him separated."
441,CatAdvice,Aggression - tips until the vet visit.,"TL/DR: my cat is being extremely aggressive with me and I need tips to navigate it until the vet. 

I am prefacing this by making it clear she’s going to be checked out by the vet in a few days (which was the soonest they could fit her in) 

Background info: 
My cat has always been aggressive when I have visitors, but it’s been manageable. 

Recently she’s been aggressive with me - this has been only following a specific incident. 

I blew a hiking safety whistle in the kitchen (just not thinking) and it triggered an “episode” where she started yowling at me, pupils dilated, and aggressively following me as I backed away from her until I could cordon her into a part of the house to calm down. (I had some gabepenton gave to her in food to help the calm) 

Since then there’s been multiple occasions where she though I was going to do that loud noise thing in the kitchen, and has began to do the same behaviours. 

The last two days in particular have been hellish because she mistook my being at the bench in the kitchen as a possible re-do, I caught her eye and noticed her pupils dilating and beginning to take the strange body language she displayed that night, and has been aggressive ever since. 

I thought the night would “reset” her to calm mode, but this morning she was on edge and not really comfortable as I moved about my morning duties, tentative and anxious, sharply observing me - I fed her and played for a while with her toy but noticed whenever I caught her eye her focus would be primarily on me and not the toy and I sensed it wouldn’t take much at all to set her off again. Cut to me making a tea in the kitchen, and she was at my feet, when I looked down and at her, the pupils went big again and she began her tense body and meowing, and as soon as I back away she yowls louder and it’s happening once again. 

I feel so guilty because she’s spend most of the last 36 hours or so blocked off in a small part of the house. I’m giving her the gabepenten in food serves to try and calm some of this - but I just feel awful, it’s a silly mistake I made one time, thats turned into what appears to be a trauma for her - as she already had a nervous disposition. Now our relationship has been severely impacted, the trust seems gone. I always appreciated that she was a cranky little defensive thing, but with me she was tolerant, and even sometimes, when I was lucky, loving and a lap cat etc. 

I’m terribly afraid of what’s going to happen at the vets - because the last few times I’ve brought her in, it’s basically been a costly bust, because they’re not willing to take her out of her cage (understandably) even with the gabepenton, so they’ve not been able to perform a full check. 

This time they say they’ll sedate her and check her ears because she’s been shaking her head frequently and seems bothered by her ears. (This also makes me feel awful because what if the whistle caused some damage!?) 

Anyways - now all the background has been provided - my question is - how do I make it through the next 3 days if her temperament remains on this level? Am I going to have to keep drugging her and sequestering her in small rooms until then, for my own safety? Isn’t that only going to cause her further trauma and distrust? 

Any tips on how to navigate such an aggressive frame of mind of hers until she can be seen to would be so very appreciated! Thank you if you’ve read all this!"
442,CatAdvice,destructive cat. help!!!,"My flatmate's super cute cat is destructive.  I like her and pet her, but she enters my room, breaks things destroyed my fairy lights, chewed my handbags and sheds an awful lot of hair in my bed. I find cat hair on my pillow and duvet everyday.

I sprayed a concoction of lavender oil,  orange oil,  and water near my door to repel the cat but no use. Please tell me how to keep her away from the room without using any cruel methods. I cannot move."
443,CatAdvice,UPDATE,[removed]
444,CatAdvice,Is it normal for my cat (13f) to not be able to jump anymore?,[removed]
445,CatAdvice,How to motivate a cat to play?,[removed]
446,CatAdvice,How to protect automatic feeder from desperate cat,[removed]
447,CatAdvice,Are there any non-prescription dry cat foods for urinary crystals?,[removed]
448,CatAdvice,Cat litter,"I’ve been a cat owner for 4 years and now I have 5 cats. I’ve tried your traditional clay cat litter which has never been ideal due to tracking, pine pellets, paper pellets (🤢), and now I’ve been using oko cat litter pellets, which has been the best thing I’ve found but at $32 a bag, it’s expensive and if there’s anything better for maybe a little less, I’m all ears. What’s your cat litter system?"
449,CatAdvice,introduced new cat to 3 residents a few weeks ago... everything's gone great but as of yesterday the new cat and 1 of the 3 do NOT get along?,"I'm so confused. It took new kitty (Gus) a while to get comfortable, but it's now been a few weeks of them all mingling successfully without supervision needed! I have Gus and another boy, and they get along, they've started playing and everything, they also eat dinner side by side everyday. My roommate has two cats as well. 



Gus is a larger guy compared to two and the one he doesn't suddenly get along with (Soup) is definitely the biggest. Gus would still be on edge for a while while walking by Soup and would hiss and maybe swat if Soup got too close but that was it. 


Yesterday all of a sudden a cat fight broke out between the two while I was out of the house. My roommate described it to be pretty scary, and both of them were going toward one another... so we decided to keep Gus isolated in my room for the night, and just today I decided to let Gus out to see how it would go... and yes, the two went to fight again. I initially grabbed gus who was trying to get out of my arms and run away while Soup was climbing up me to attack. I then grabbed Soup who mauled up my arm while Gus ran away. 



I'm at a loss and I'm panicked. Rehoming isn't an option, and me and my roommate likely won't be living together much longer since I may be moving out of town. 



Does anyone had advice or any reasoning why this suddenly happened?"
450,CatAdvice,introducing a shy cat to a large dog,[removed]
451,CatAdvice,Cats don't get along...and never have.,[removed]
452,CatAdvice,Tips for introducing cats with limited space,[removed]
453,CatAdvice,"Friend's cat has turned suddenly aggressive toward her 8 month old kitten, not sure what to do.",[removed]
454,CatAdvice,Inherited cat is making me miserable,[removed]
455,CatAdvice,Cat play dates to keep cat socialized?,"I am cat sitting my neighbors cats for the rest of the year, my neighbor suggested I move in to her house and bring my cat since she knows my living space is kind of toxic. 

I have my cat currently over at my house and just go over to spend time with the other cats and feed them, since I’m worried to freak my cat out by moving her over there.

I have seen kitten play dates are a bad idea on here, I’m worried about the potential of her getting used to the new house then after this month moving back here to our house where her space would be reduced to one floor instead of three.

The plot also gets even more complicated when one of the cats I’m taking care of over there is one my neighbor is contemplating rehoming to me when I move out within the next year. So that would mean my cat would have to get used to and test it out to see if she likes him. But I don’t know if I should stress her out for such a short term thing, and I don’t plan to as of now. Just wondering if moving over there and getting her involved sounds like a good move. 


TLDR: Advice is welcomed. Cat sitting cats, one of whom I am potentially adopting. The plan right now is check in on the other kitties twice a day w feedings litter the whole nine yards, then come home to my kitty. Wondering if anyone ever brought their cats short term to somewhere else and had it work out well."
456,CatAdvice,first time travelling with kitten,"hi! i have a 3 month old kitten who has been with me for a month now and he is the first pet i’ve ever owned. i just want some advice about bringing him to my parents house over Christmas. 

he’s gotten so comfortable with me and my bf in such a short amount of time; he is confidently roaming our apartment and is very playful. it only took about a week for him to be ready to leave his safe room. even so, he’s still very cautious of everything and everyone, and seems very antisocial. he’s still not fully comfortable around our flatmate yet and when we had 2 of our friends friends over last week, he hid in his tower for 6 hours straight and refused to come out until they left. this has me worried about how he will react to travelling and staying in another house for a few days. 

i live in London and my parents house is about an hour and a half train journey away which isn’t too bad but i know he’s going to be stressed regardless. i’m afraid that when we get there, he will hide under the sofa the entire time and refuse to eat or something like that. we plan on bringing his toys, cat tree and bed with us so hopefully he will feel more at home. is there any i can further prepare for to make this whole situation easier?

ps. we will not be getting a cat sitter because no one we know is willing to take him during the Christmas period and understandably so."
457,CatAdvice,Roommate's cat is stressing out my elderly cat,"Looking for advice! My cat recently moved to a new place, and she loved it until my new roommate moved in with her cat. Now, she spends all her time side-eying him on the couch away from everybody. She stopped sleeping in my bed because the couch is the only place he doesn't pester her as much. I took her to the vet and she's mostly fine (has a bit of a cold that we're working out as well as arthritis that is being medicated), but it doesn't look like this is caused by a medical condition because whenever my roommate takes her cat away for a few days when she visits her family, she is back to normal. She is usually very social and friendly, but she seems mad at everybody when the other cat is around. When he's away, she's always purring and looking for attention.

She has my room as a safe space, but it's almost impossible to keep the other cat away. Neither of them are violent, but he won't stop coming into my room to pester her. She's angry all the time when he's around. I don't really know what to do from here. I've tried incentivizing my roommate's cat to avoid my room in various different ways, but she is just generally unhappy when he's around. My lease ends in a couple months so I can move out if it's not fixed by then, but in the meantime I need a solution. Any advice would be appreciated!"
458,CatAdvice,Considering foster failing-again,"Hello all! Glad to be around fellow cat enthusiasts. 

I have a dilemma on a potential foster fail situation and I’d like to get some perspective. 


I’ve been fostering for about a year and a half and have fostered 20 cats. Very early in our foster days, my partner and I adopted a brother and sister from a litter we were fostering. We wanted to keep the girl immediately and we kept her brother because he was nervous and needed a pal. We love them unconditionally and have no regrets whatsoever. My partner and I acknowledge we were overzealous at the time and probably should’ve given them a chance to get adopted out. Fast forward, and we have significantly more fostering experience after 20 kittens. I love my fosters, but I’ve never been that attached to them and am happy when they find their homes. 

Until we got our current fosters last weekend, Truffles and Butterscotch, a bonded pair of calico sisters. My heart exploded the moment I let them out of their carrier. They’re 6 months old, my oldest fosters so far. They are so loving, polite, cuddly, get along with my cats, and well mannered girls. They wanted to sleep under the covers with us immediately and be carried around like babies. My partner and I are *so* torn on keeping them. We fully acknowledge 4 cats is a lot of work, cleaning, more vet bills and more commitment. But we adore them in a way I haven’t felt about any of my previous fosters, including my own cats. Don’t get me wrong, I LOVE my cats. But it took me a while to feel that level of connection with them. Both my partner and I feel highly emotional at the thought of them leaving our house, and neither of us have felt that before. We both have the $ to support that many animals and we live in a situation where all cats can get space if they need it."
459,CatAdvice,The lady who found my cat refuses to give it back,[removed]
460,CatAdvice,How to keep my cat indoors for good,"Can anyone give me advice for my cat? My mom has gotten him so used to going out that he will cry non-stop until we let him out. Sometimes it gets so annoying that we have no choice but to let him out because he’ll cry all night long or early in the morning. Is there anything I can do to train him to stay inside?? I’ve considered just locking him in a room with food, water, and litter until he gets used to it but idk what to do exactly.. it’s rough especially when we have to work in the morning and he cries non stop."
461,CatAdvice,My neutered cat humps blanket on top of me.,[removed]
462,CatAdvice,Can a cat have too much water?,[removed]
463,CatAdvice,How to tell if a cat likes being held?,"my cat lets me pick her up, and she purrs and snuggles when shes being held. and she only wants to be set down when she sees something else that interests her (food, birds outside the window, etc)

But im worried about doing things she doesn't like because i cant ask her, so i have to just assume? will cats act like they like being held when they dont actually like it? I dont want to upset her"
464,CatAdvice,"Momma cat newly fixed, and is crying nonstop from being separated from babies.","Hey all! My momma cat just got fixed earlier today. The vet recommended keeping her separate from her two kittens and my other cat, in case they rough house. I've had them separated for about 3.5 and both the kittens and momma are howling at the door between them. Is it okay if I let them hang out under supervision, unless they start rough housing? My other cat takes little to no interest in her so he won't be a problem. I'm gonna keep her closed in my bedroom with me overnight and while I'm at work tomorrow either way. Thanks in advance!"
465,CatAdvice,My kitten (3-ish months) attacks me quite ferociously. How do I figure out the cause and make it stop?,[removed]
466,CatAdvice,Found a kitten,[removed]
467,CatAdvice,Moving / Long Car ride,[removed]
468,CatAdvice,Rudycats Maine Coon Breeder UK,This breeder has been exposed for her cruelty and neglect. She’s still actively taking deposits then not answering buyers. She’s a LTD company and will likely fold and start a new one. She’s linked to Wildblue Cattery. https://rudyexposed.com
469,CatAdvice,Suggestions for a large cat tree,"Hi! I have an 18 lb, 1 year old, Siberian. I feel bad that he doesn’t fit in any of the beds on any of our cat trees. Does anyone else have a large cat tree that they would recommend for a larger cat?"
470,CatAdvice,Best cat stroller?,"I want to take my 15 pound boy for walks, so am looking for a stroller for Black Friday.  Ideally it’d be something with a lot of screening rather than fabric so that I can keep it zipped up but he can still see everything in front of him at least (rather than the designs I’m mostly seeing that look like they’d have to stand up to see out.

Bonus points if it can convert to a car carrier.  Comfort is a must."
471,CatAdvice,Is he attacking me or playing,"I got a cat about a week ago and he is about 3 months old. When I try to pet him he let's me then after like 6 pets he attacks me, it doesn't hurt but he does it a lot, is it just cause is young? 
https://imgur.com/a/bjhjLf6
He is a video of him"
472,CatAdvice,New kitten stressing out my older cats,"Hi everyone, I'm new here so sorry if I miss something!
My partner and I have two beautiful cats (7yo Persian/Ragdoll male and 3yo Persian female). We recently adopted a British Shorthair kitten (3.5 months-ish male) and he is very excited and active, as kittens are..

The 7yo is fine with him but sometimes loses his patience. The 3yo, however, is very stressed by the kitten. She hasn't been nice to him once. She hisses and growls at him if she sees him nearby and bats him if he dares to get too close. I know this stuff is normal, but he's been home over a month with no improvement.

This evening I was trying to remove some of her matted fur and she got very aggressive with me. She also seems to have some balding spots on the side of her belly (possibly over grooming, or maybe from matting?) she often gets matts but it's never been this alarming. She's also losing her voice from hissing so much.

We have feliway friends plugins but they don't seem to be helping. I absolutely adore my little Persian, she's always been feisty and a little distant, but now she seems VERY stressed and aggressive with everyone, not just the kitten.

The kitten has a special room he's been confined to since he came home so they have their own 'safe spaces' but I'm worried my little Persian is going to end up in a bad way from the stress.

Any advice is greatly appreciated"
473,CatAdvice,Recommendations for cat sitting insurance (UK),"Hello

I am a UK-based cat sitter (recently registered on Cat in Flat) and have been building up a steady client base in my local area. The platform I use comes with some guarantees and everything has been okay so far but I have been thinking I should get my own insurance to cover any eventualities.

A quick google seems to offer quite few options but reviews are mixed. Does anyone have any direct experience of arranging pet sitting insurance and does anyone have any recommendations for insurance companies I should consider?

Thanks in advance"
474,CatAdvice,Cat sitter insurance recommendations (UK),"Hello

I am a UK-based cat sitter (recently registered on Cat in Flat) and have been building up a steady client base in my local area. The platform I use comes with some guarantees and everything has been okay so far but I have been thinking I should get my own insurance to cover any eventualities.

A quick google seems to offer quite few options but reviews are mixed. Does anyone have any direct experience of arranging pet sitting insurance and does anyone have any recommendations for insurance companies I should consider?

Thanks in advance"
475,CatAdvice,Converting outdoor kitten to indoors (suddenly hiding under car in garage),[removed]
476,CatAdvice,Should my cats travel with me??,"so I have 2 cats, ages 1 and 2. I’m going back home for christmas for 2 weeks and i’ve never left them alone before. I have a cat sitter lined up who would check on them once a day, but i think i would feel better if they just came with me instead, im already bringing my dogs and i would have a room they could stay in. it’s about a 22 hour drive, i just don’t want to stress them out. my cats are very attached to me and i don’t know how they would do without me for 2 weeks."
477,CatAdvice,Friendly brothers started fighting - need help,"I have two cats. They are littermates and I've had them for two years. Until four days ago they were good friends, always playing and caring for each other. They always slept together and never seemed to mind sharing their resources (we have plenty of food and water resources around the house and 3 litterboxes). They are both neutered. 

Four days ago they suddenly got into a nasty fight. They were both sleeping in our bed and out of the blue we started hearing yeowling and hissing. The smaller one hid and there were drops of urine and bits of fur on the floor. After this I separated them, and kept them in different rooms, each with water, food and litterboxes. 

One day later I tried to unite them again. They were fine for 20 minutes, and then started fighting again. 

Now I've been keeping them separated for 3 days. They are chill with me and my partner, they just dont like being stuck in rooms, without being able to roam around the house. One of the rooms has a glass door, so I can have them both looking at eachother without touching - however, I have been doing this for short periods of time since when they see eachother they freak out and stare, with raised hairs. Both seem agressive towards one another. 

Last time I did this (today), the smaller one hid, and has been hiding inside the glass door room ever since. 

I have bought a Feliway diffuser, but so far no results. They have been seen by a vet, that said it seemed a comportamental issue and suggested medicating one of them (the initial agressor). 

Any advice ? It is being very hard to deal with this situation and I feel I'm not helping them."
478,CatAdvice,I'm not sure what to do,[removed]
479,CatAdvice,Cat going feral randomly,[removed]
480,CatAdvice,We need to leave our cat with someone for a month but we're not sure what option is the best one (or the lesser evil),"1st option: the house of the parents of my girlfriend. It's on the field, near a forest, so chances of escaping are high. She's climbed to trees before, but the parents of my girlfriend won't be able to climb after her. Also now there are 2 new dogs that she doesn't know. She will have the whole house for her and will be able to sleep wherever she wants.

2nd option: a room in the house of a friend. This friend has another cat and 2 dogs. Our cat has leucemia (no symptoms though), so she won't be able to mingle with the other cat, which is why she'd be in a room. We're not sure if the friend's cat has the vaccine for leucemia but we're offering to pay it, just in the event that she escapes that room (she will 100% escape at least twice). The good thing is that ""escaping"" here doesn't mean that she will be out in the forest.

3rd option: not a lot. Pet hotels are either too expensive or they keep the animals in cages, which would be worse than option 2.

I feel like option 1 would be more ""physically"" endangering while option 2 would be more ""emotional"" or stressing (but I guess being out in the wild would be stressing too). I think option 2 is ""objectively"" safer but I'm not sure. What do you think?"
481,CatAdvice,Just neutered my 7 months old kitten and now he is scared and just keeps on hiding…,[removed]
482,CatAdvice,What to do 7month kitten and 2.5yr cat,"Hello. My girlfriend and I recently (month ago) adopted two cats from the local shelter. One (7month male) and the other (2.5 yr female). Both fixed and such. 

Does anyone have any suggestions - I am feeling a bit like we made a mistake not getting either *just* the 2.5 yr old or not getting the 7mo along with another kitten from his litter. 

He is very active and curious. He wants to play anytime he isn’t sleeping. She enjoys laying low all day long and can sit in front of the window for hours on end. She isn’t really interested in play time (maybe about 10 min max (if that) a day). Obviously this isn’t the best mix. He walks around sadly meowing sometimes like he really wants a friend. I work from home so I can give him a bit of attention but I really feel like he needs a friend around his age with similar energy. 

We cannot get a third cat at our apartment (2 max). Also, we don’t know her history - the shelter didn’t have much info to share. (Don’t know if she was someone’s house pet that they gave up or what). He and his liter were found in a trash can and spent the first 6 months at the shelter. 

At first she was very scared of him. Hissing and running and hiding anytime he got near. (We had them meet at the shelter and that didn’t happen there). Over the course of the last month that has improved and it isn’t as often. However he tries to play with her and it truly seems like she just doesn’t understand what play is. We thought they were finally playing together the other day but once the wrestling stopped it was clear she did not know that it was play (she was extremely shaken and anxious for ~20 min after). 

I guess I’m not sure what to do. Perhaps she needs to be in a home where she is the only cat. She’s not very affectionate towards humans either. But I don’t know if that’s in part because the kitten is always around. I know it’s likely he will start to mellow a bit over the next year - but am I depriving him of something by not having a real friend? And is it not fair to her for having to deal with him and be so anxious? Maybe enough time hasn’t passed and they will become friends.. but I’m worried they won’t as their attitudes/energies are quite different."
483,CatAdvice,Are the plastic/soft tipped brushes good for a short haired kitten?,[removed]
484,CatAdvice,kitten stuck in the hvac,8 week old kitten got stuck in the hvac because it was scared.we just got him today. he’s been in the for about two hours what should i do?
485,CatAdvice,is there any way to stop my new cat trying to assert dominance over my resident cat?,[removed]
486,CatAdvice,My cat attacked the pet sitter's cat. Does this mean I should never get another cat?,[removed]
487,CatAdvice,Cat got spayed- hates cone and recovery suit. Plz help,[removed]
488,CatAdvice,can adult cat food stunt growth?,[removed]
489,CatAdvice,Best furry friend for an anxious cat?,[removed]
490,CatAdvice,My cat bites people's legs?,[removed]
491,CatAdvice,Best Kitten Food,"Hello! My bf and I are adding a kitten to our lives hopefully in the next few days/weeks! Checking out some shelters/rescues this weekend. We have two cats already- who I feed Weruva and occasionally Tiki Cat. The one cat sometimes eats fancy feast when he's being picky. Plus their dry food.

Now, we haven't had a kitten in about 11 years - so I guess I'm wondering what the best kitten food out there is(within reason financially)? Should I stick to the weruva/tiki cat brands or is there another kitten food you guys would reccommend? Thanks in advance."
492,CatAdvice,New cat not getting along with resident cat,[removed]
493,CatAdvice,How to add more gravy to their food?,My cat only slurps the gravy. Leaves all the meat behind. Won't touch pate food at all. I bought it in bulk and don't want to throw it. How can I make them eat the pate? Anyway to make my own gravy and add to it?
494,CatAdvice,How well do jute rugs hold up in a cat home?,[removed]
495,CatAdvice,What's the best way to check if you're allergic to a particular cat? (Before bringing one home!),[removed]
496,CatAdvice,Is it normal for a cat to just chill under the couch?,"She goes under there and just chills/sleeps. She’s eating perfectly fine, playing, chasing bugs etc. it just makes me and my bf sad cause normally she’ll come and sit on our laps/couch during the evening while we’re watching tv or whatever. 

She’s not scared or anything but we’re just curious if this means something? It’s been very hot (28/31 degrees) here the past few days so maybe that has something to do with it? 

She’s female, about 1.5 years old and a VERY active/playful cat. Very strong prey drive. Admittedly we don’t play with her as much as she’d like (at least once per day normally, but she’d play for hours if she could) but she gets so much love and attention she’s literally our life."
497,CatAdvice,Cat Eats Dog’s Food,"Hi There! 

So… Our cat likes to snack on our dog’s food. She is up 1 lb from last year, so I don’t want the trend to continue. I talked to her vet about it, and he said it’s not great for her because the nutritional balance is different. 

Our dog is a grazer, so it’s not ideal to put his food away — but that may ultimately be the easiest and best solution. 

In the meantime, I’ve been feeding our cat less of her food to hopefully balance it out. 

I even tried getting the same flavor and brand of the dog’s food in the cat version, but she wouldn’t touch it 😅

Does anyone else have this problem? Any solutions?"
498,CatAdvice,"Cat suddenly peeing all over house, need advice!",[removed]
499,CatAdvice,Unforeseen benefit to having 2 cats! A story about whisker fatigue &amp; picky eating,[removed]
500,CatAdvice,Vet performed unnecessary ceasarean. So upset...,[removed]
501,CatAdvice,Advice on adult cat food,[removed]
502,CatAdvice,Reintroducing siblings,"Hi guys,
I adopted my little cat Bean at 13 weeks old, back in August. I was thinking of getting her a buddy so she has company when I’m out, and realised her brother from the same litter (now 6 months old) hadn’t been rehomed. I’m going to be getting him in December! 
They absolutely loved each other at the point when I picked up Bean. Both have pretty calm and confident personalities. Do you think there’s any chance they might recognise each other, and if not how’s best to go about introducing them? I have essentially a one bed apartment with two bathrooms and a big living room, which Bean normally has free range of."
503,CatAdvice,Need help with Scottish Fold mix from Craigslist,"I've been in contact with this person from Craiglist about a Scottish Fold mix kitten. He's absolutely adorable and the person has complied with all my requests including a video call, videos, pictures and etc. I'll be video calling the person for the first time tommorow to smooth more details over and see the cat but I'm a bit concerned since they originally asked for about $750 as a fee and I managed to get them to consider $350 as the price SURPRISINGLY quickly. They mentioned the cat has arthritis and hasn't been vaccinated or fixed yet and I'd be handling it which is fine with me. I've heard about people adopting pets from Craiglist only to have them die a couple days after adopting them. I'd really love this kitten but I also want to be cautious since it's from Craigslist. I can share the videos and pictures they sent me if anyone wants to check them too. Is there anything else I can do to check if this is legitimate or not?"
504,CatAdvice,My cat has A LOT of energy. Should I get her a friend?,[removed]
505,CatAdvice,My cat has a lump on his lip and I’m worried,"Recently I’ve noticed something on my cats bottom lip, it’s a little lump I’m not sure what it is and I’m worried about him, he’s only 5 years old and Google is telling he has cancer which it not helping whatsoever, so I came here, I haven’t taken him to the vet yet but I maybe should have when I first saw it 3 weeks ago, the first week it was quite small, barely noticeable but now it’s about the size of a newborns pinky which is not that good in my opinion. I just want to see if maybe someone knows what it might be (so far it does not seem Like it’s bothering him yet) 
This probably isn’t the right place for this kind of question but it’s worth a try to ask"
506,CatAdvice,Big Kitty Owners! Feeding my 13lb cat. What's your wet to dry ratio?,[removed]
507,CatAdvice,Advice needed- 2/3 of my cats hate each other,"Hi all! I have 3 cats— 9y/o female mix, 7 y/o rag doll male, and a 1y/o orange tabby male. My tabby and my female cat HATE each other. Any advice on how to at least get them in the same room? Luckily my house is big enough that I’ve been able to keep them separated— one on the main level and one upstairs— but life would be so much easier if they could mix. My rag doll is fine with both.

My tabby and my female cat didn’t start off terribly. My female cat is super alpha, and my tabby is very timid/ nervous, so I think she can sense that in him. They got into a bunch of minor fights, but the last one she nicked  his nose a tiny tiny bit and he has been terrified of her ever since. So, for the past 7 months I’ve had them separated. 

I have a ton of experience with cats, but have never had a situation like this! Any input is appreciated!"
508,CatAdvice,Rescue cat hates me still after a week. Looking for advice to get her to warm up to me,"Took in a stray cat about a week ago. I had been feeding her daily for about 2 years. Im wondering if i made the wrong decision taking her in. I just don't want her to freeze to death or get hit by a car or get into fights with other cats ive seen roaming the area. I'm willing to work with her as long as it takes. 

Things i have done, most of which came from cat advice channels on youtube

She went to the vet for a checkup/shots when i first trapped her.

Made her a special private room with a bed near a window, built her a carpeted box to hide/sleep in.

Removed most hiding places in the room except ones i created for her to keep her from secluding her self. I was letting her roam between rooms but found a video that said i should keep her in one room and just hang out in there.

I bought some catnip spray and sprayed it on her toys but she doesn't use them. I tried staying in the room when i fed her but she won't eat if im in there.

I clean her litter box every day sometimes more than once a day. I put on gloves and sprayed them with catnip to try and coax her into letting me at least get my hand near her and she runs off or if i get too close hisses. I slow blink and stay low to the ground to try and not appear like a threat. 

I know these things can take months or longer, i just want to make sure im doing everything i can and make sure im not doing things wrong. 

thanks"
509,CatAdvice,Advice? (Lengthy read),"Hey guys! 
I need some advice &amp; was hoping to maybe get some feedback before Monday for the sake of my nerves. 

I have a 9 year old cat (Baylor) &amp; he recently came down with a super nasty cough, so I took him to the vet. It was an absolute nightmare &amp; he screamed/relieved himself the entire time he was in the back getting treated. I think (no, I know) he traumatized a beagle named Ralphie as well as 2 other cats &amp; a rabbit. The pigeons resting on the power lines outside probably sought out therapy because of what they heard. It was awful… anyways… 
He was also due for his yearly vaccines, so the vet decided to administer his antibiotics/steroids/vaccines all at once. The alternative was to put him through a 2nd trip &amp; sedate him, but he thought that would be more traumatic than just doing it all at once, so that’s what we did. That’s been 10 days ago exactly, &amp; his vet said the antibiotics would stay in his system for 2 weeks (if that’s relevant). 

Post-vet trip, he definitely didn’t feel well, but that was expected &amp; within 2 days his cough was gone &amp; he’d perked back up. While he was still recovering though, he stayed pretty much under our bed the entire time with the exception to eat &amp; potty. It’s worth noting (I think) that we recently moved in July &amp; our bedroom has carpet, which is something he’s never laid on before. I only mention that because I feel like it’s possible that the reason he is still staying under the bed is because it’s a new hiding spot he discovered that made him feel “safe” while he was feeling sick and plus it’s warm (I’m in KY so winter is settling in). 

But that’s what I need advice on - he’s still under the bed &amp; comes out pretty much never. For a few days he was out &amp; about more often than he is now. Idk. 
He’ll come downstairs &amp; meow for treats, but right back upstairs he goes straight under the bed. 
I have noticed that while he’s still using the litter box, there are a couple drops of pee (likes he’s dribbled) outside the box; however, we have another cat &amp; he’s a hot mess - he’s the messiest litter box user in all the land, so idk that it isn’t him. 

Anyways, he acts 100% normal, he looks normal in the eyes, when I check on him he’s responsive &amp; seems coherent, he just seems to have no desire to leave his little nest under the bed. 
Which, I have no issues with him being under there, so long as he’s okay. 

I’m calling his vet Monday, but was hopeful for some feedback before then. 
I hate to put him back through it because he’ll have to be sedated before they’ll work with him, especially if it’s unnecessary. Jeeze. 

Anyways - thank you for your feedback! 
Happy holidays!"
510,CatAdvice,Trying to catch a cat,[removed]
511,CatAdvice,Advice for cleaning my elderly cat's feet?,"My cat is 18 years old. Recently we've been smelling the litter box everywhere she goes. She looked clean otherwise so we weren't sure what was up. We finally got a look under her feet and litter is really caked around her back pads.

She won't let's us clean them. Any advice on what we can do to help get them cleaned up?"
512,CatAdvice,Cat won’t stop spilling water,[removed]
513,CatAdvice,Changing from RX food to regular.,"My youngest cat was on Royal Canin for allergies but has passed away as of a week ago. (I miss him dearly)

But I still have three other cats to feed and they do not need prescription food. I fed them all the same kind just to make it easier as I didn't want him getting into their food and getting sick.

I am nearing the bottom of the bag and am curious on opinions as to what store bought food I should give them when this bag is empty. Trust me, I would love to continue them on this food but it's quite expensive and I just can't justify it if it's not needed.

I'm not looking for cheap but also not overly expensive.

Thank you in advance!"
514,CatAdvice,Caring for 4-week old kittens,"I regularly fed a pregnant stray cat which gave birth November 1st. She didn’t bring her kittens to me until last week when they were 3 weeks old. I’ve kept her inside since then and provided food and milk/water for her.

Today I came home from work and the mom has died 😔 Fortunately, she died at a place where her kittens couldn’t reach her so they weren’t able to drink her milk. After hours of crying, I soon realized that her kittens still need her as they still can’t process solid food.

How do I take care of 4-week old kittens? What do I feed them, and how often? What do I do? 😣"
515,CatAdvice,adopted cat is pregnant,[removed]
516,CatAdvice,Is my kitten acting normal for his age?,[removed]
517,CatAdvice,What is cat Minoxidil exposure symptoms and how much time needed to watch,"First of all, I apologize for my poor English skills.

Hi, I applied minoxidil to my hair for the first time about eight hours ago.

The environment applied was a toilet where cats are not allowed in, and after applying it, I sat down and started working. About 3 hours ago(4-5 hours after applying minoxidill, I was looking for information about minoxidil and read that it is fatal to cats.

After applying minoxidil, the cats did not touch my hair part or face directly, but I was afraid that they might have come into contact with the residue in my hand, so I washed my hands and wiped them around their bodies with a wet tissue(had no shampoo left for them)

I also took a shower and washed all the minoxidil that was left in my body, changed my clothes,, opened the window of the room where I was sitting, ventilated while them not allowed in

Just now writing this article, the cats are playing well, eating well, going to toilet well, etc. I can not see any symptoms but still I am worried and will watch the whole night.(sadly vet is closed in my time here)

If cats have been exposed to minoxidil, please give me a detailed description of what symptoms can develop in a few hours at most, and how many hours I should watch over them, thanks for help"
518,CatAdvice,Sister keeps attacking her brother,"Hello, I don’t know what to do with my cats. I recently got two young kittens. The male kitten is blind and the female was described as very playful. At first everything was okay, but with time the female cat started attacking the male cat more and more. To the point where she just sees him now and pounces on him. I tried distracting her by making loud sounds, putting her in time out for couple of hours. But after she gets out after some time she attacks him again. Now she scared him into hiding under the couch. 
My friends say it seems like she claimed me and she’s very territorial or just trying to be more dominant. She does not let him sleep with me. They don’t seem to be having issues over food, but I caught them a couple of times fighting over water.

I just don’t want them to fight. Any advice?"
519,CatAdvice,How to stop cat from jumping on dangerous area,"So by my starecase there’s a dangerous ledge, she loves jumping to it but if she misses it goes really far down (the bottom of the staircase). I can’t use foil or anything because it’s more likely she will fall or keep trying. What do I do? Is there any blockage thing I can use? 

Side note: cat is 3 years old, american shorthair"
520,CatAdvice,Cat licks my hair,"Hi everyone! I adopted my cat (3F) about two months ago. I think she's adjusting well, and she seems to have started a new phase of getting comfortable, as she's recently started to sleep at night on the body pillow I keep near the headboard of my bed. I keep it there to lean on when I'm reading in bed so I don't actually use it when I'm sleeping.

The issue is that it puts her over my head, and when I'm falling asleep I've caught her a few times licking my hair, like she's trying to groom me. I don't care about this but I'm worried she's going to swallow hair and it'll cause issues for her, digestively. I have pretty long hair, it's dyed but otherwise I don't put products in it before bed, besides shampoo and conditioner from the shower. Could this make her sick, or give her issues with digestion? If not, I'll let her do it, I just don't want to make her sick."
521,CatAdvice,Cat-friendly dog breeds?,"I know most of this will come down to training and socialisation, but would like to hear from some cat owners who also have dogs! 

I tried searching for cat-friendly breeds but often those ones also have high prey drive, which makes them less cat-friendly...? I'm not a dog owner, but I'm helping a family friend find a dog breed that might work for them. There are outdoor cats and they might get a cat later on, so we want to maximise the chances of getting a cat-friendly dog."
522,CatAdvice,Introducing wet food to kitten,"Right now my 7mo. kitten eats Hills chicken recipe dry food. I know wet food is important, but how do I start introducing it to him? I want to continue to keep out dry food during the day since I go to school. Any help/advice is appreciated."
523,CatAdvice,Can I give my 1 year old cat wet food for senior cats?,"I accidentally brought my cat wet food for 7+ old cats today (same brand, same flavours, same packaging just with a small 7+ sign) but she is 1 year old. I don’t even know how I picked it up and now I feel so stupid. It’s very late where I am and I will not be going out until Monday. Can I feed her this wet food until then or should I just give her her normal dry food (she does not like eating dry food often)?"
524,CatAdvice,"Have to rehome cats after loss of mom, want to know if I’ll be able to see where they end up","Hello, I recently lost my mom unexpectedly and very sadly have to give up our cats because my dad has a dog who would likely attack them. I gave them to paws to be put up for adoption. I love my fur babies and want to know if anyone has been through this and whether you could see who they get adopted to or not cause it would help me to see that they got loving homes. It would make it feel less like I’m losing them too. Thanks"
525,CatAdvice,Can Kittens eat 1+ cat food,I have a 1 year old cat on 1+ age meat and biscuits and am getting a kitten this weekend. I already bought kitten age meat and biscuits for it but my parents said I just wasted my money because both cats are going to eat each others foods anyway. I am just wondering if it’s okay for a kitten to have 1+ food and if I should just feed that to both of them?
526,CatAdvice,Cat staring at skirting boards for hours,[removed]
527,CatAdvice,Putting Food on cat tower or high surfaces?,Normally we put our cats food mat on the top of his cat tower. I think we started originally because there was a dog living with us. My fiancé said he saw something saying you shouldn’t put your cats food on an elevated surface. Any thoughts? I tried researching and all I could find was stuff about elevated cat feeders not necessarily about the good being on an elevated surface like a counter or whatever. Any advice would be helpful. I don’t see the harm in it 🤷🏻‍♀️
528,CatAdvice,Black cat petting issue,"I have two cats, gray and black. One loves getting petted and being super friendly/in your face. The black one is completely opposite by staying mostly isolated and when you pet him he dips his body to get away. I've noticed that his fur gets static build up and when I pet him it sometimes shocks him. I'm not sure if this is why or if just doesn't like getting petted. Any ideas on how to reduce the static build up on him?  He is super soft."
529,CatAdvice,Is it okay to feed my cats once a day?,"Okay for context both my cats are two years old. I had them since kittens and i used to feed them 3 times a day. 6am then 2pm and then 930pm.

 As they got older i switched it to twice a day
630am and 930pm. Both adjusted quick but one cat my calico took a little longer to get used to the new schedule but it was no longer than a few days extra than my other cat. 

Now i feed them once a day at night 930pm but i feed them the same amount of food as i always have but just all at night. They have no problems eating, no vomit, and they are very active after eating which is fine. 

But my concern and i guess annoyance is my calico again is having trouble adjusting. She bothers all day meowing at me for food. Every morning she still thinks shes getting fed and throws a fit. By a fit i just mean meowing at me constantly as i get ready for work at 5am. Its been nearly two weeks now and she hasn’t adjusted to her new feeding schedule. My other cat has and she has no problem. Again i feed them the same amount of food just all at night. Its wet canned food. 
Their weight is healthy as well so i know my calico isn’t starving. 

Is it okay to feed them once a day? How can i help my calico get adjusted to this new feeding schedule? Itd help me alot because well its no fun being meowed at all day for food lol she gets my other cat anxious thinking its food time soon or something."
530,CatAdvice,Should I let my adopted stray roam outside?,[removed]
531,CatAdvice,"Looking for a replacement for standard litter. The little rocks are ALL OVER my house. Want to get something that will stay contained, but also that my cat will take to easily and will be a good system for him. Help!",[removed]
532,CatAdvice,Am I horrible,I am horrible for returning a foster the day after.  I got her as a playmate and to help a cat but she is clingy to the max.  I think the shelter downplayed how much attention she needs.  I can’t give her that (bc of work hours) and she’s not getting along with my kitten though I know that takes time.  And she kneads and scratched on everything.  I feel horrible but would rather give her back now before she forms an attachment
533,CatAdvice,6 year old cat defecating next to litter box for almost two-three weeks.,[removed]
534,CatAdvice,"Found kitten, not sure if he has a home",[removed]
535,CatAdvice,Tips/advice for a new kitten?,[removed]
536,CatAdvice,is wearing lavender oil near my cats ok?,[removed]
537,CatAdvice,Recommendations on litter boxes that keep litter from spilling everywhere,"My cat is a messy queen, and spills litter all over my floor.

Does anyone here have recommendations on any litter boxes that keep litter from spilling everywhere? 

I’m willing to get one that look like a piece of furniture, but don’t want to get ripped off buying something cheap. I’ve bought one before that was way too small for an adult cat."
538,CatAdvice,my baby might be sick but my bf thinks I'm overreacting,[removed]
539,CatAdvice,My (New) Kitten Nurses on Herself,[removed]
540,CatAdvice,Dealing with a rescue cat my dog hates,"I rescued an injured semi-feral cat about 6 weeks ago. She is very shy with everyone else but a complete lap cat with me. The problem is that my 15 year old dog is not adjusting. I’ve followed all the advice I’ve found online and it’s not getting any better. 

The main issue is that the cat and dog both want to be with me. I have a large 2 story house and plenty of room. I’ve bought toys, beds, and a cat tree to keep downstairs in hopes of encouraging the cat to stay down there but she insists on being in my room and will cry outside the door if it is shut. I’ve ignored her but I have to sleep at some point so it’s getting tough. I’ve tried to find her another home but all the rescues are full.

My last option is to put her into the guest room downstairs and just try to visit her when I can but I feel really guilty keeping her locked up. Does anyone have any suggestions of ways to make this work? It’s worth noting that the cat is mostly unbothered by my dog barking and growling and will chose to go under my bed or climb on my desk rather than retreating to one of the many safe spaces I’ve set up for her."
541,CatAdvice,Cat tree re-roping,[removed]
542,CatAdvice,Strange nightly/early morning cat routine?,"Pretty much every night/morning, roughly between the hours of 12am-6am, my 9 month old cat, Cookie, will sit near the front door to my apartment staring at the front door. For hours she will do this; it doesn’t bother me obviously, however it’s beginning to make me concerned for her welfare. Thanks in advance for any advice!"
543,CatAdvice,My cat is stressed and biting the tip of her tail raw,[removed]
544,CatAdvice,cat keeps peeing on the couch?,[removed]
545,CatAdvice,My Sister’s Male Cat Is Extremely Aggressive Since Neutering Him,[removed]
546,CatAdvice,Is my cat okay being alone for 13-14 hours a day?,[removed]
547,CatAdvice,"Cat Aggressively Leads Me To His Food, Even When It’s full.",[removed]
548,CatAdvice,Need help balancing meals for two cats,"I have two cats with extremely different eating habits and I'm not sure how to make sure one of them is eating a healthy amount. I've had one of the cats for almost eight years now (he'll be 8 in a couple months) and he's always been a grazer. He'll eat just a little bit at a time and likes having food in his bowl all day. Several months ago we got a new kitten, he's 11 months old now and is a little food crazy. If food is left out he'll eat it all. This has led to him eating too much food, and my older cat not getting enough and losing some weight. 

I tried giving the older cat wet food at night (along with the dry food during the day) but he rarely eats it all. I've tried ~10 different wet foods and there's only been one kind that he'd eat a whole can of (smaller cans not big ones) but that only lasted about a week before he didn't want it anymore. 

I'm trying to feed them in separate rooms, but my older cat just barely eats any food! I worry I won't be able to break his habit of wanting to eat little bits at a time.

I'm looking for advice on any other ways I could help my cat eat more in one sitting, or some foods with higher protein/calories that could be better for him to eat if he's going to eat such a small amount at a time. Or ways I could get the younger cat to graze on the food as well instead of stuffing himself with any food in sight lol. But I'm worried that would be a much harder behavior to change."
549,CatAdvice,Change in cat's play behavior making me worry about his teeth,[removed]
550,CatAdvice,Sick boy,[removed]
551,CatAdvice,Kitten weeing outside of tray,"Our kitten got neutered over a month ago and a few weeks after he weed outside his litter tray for the first time and previously he's never had any accidents regarding this, so since then we've started to spend more time with him and make sure he gets lots of play in the day and it was going well so we thought maybe it was a one off.

However, today he moved his blanket off his bed and weed on the heating pad there. We aren't sure why this is and what to do from here, I was thinking maybe he's been getting anxious since he was alone while he did this and when he can't see people around he sometimes cries and we have to call him and he will come running. Overall he's a bit more dog like in how he likes company. 

I've also checked on him whilst he's using his tray and he doesn't seem to be in any pain or have difficulty using his tray when he goes. Does anyone have any idea what this could be?"
552,CatAdvice,Litter box dilemma,[removed]
553,CatAdvice,Cat is stealing people food,[removed]
554,CatAdvice,Cat too anxious for blood pressure readings,[removed]
555,CatAdvice,"Our 2 cats (7.5 year old females), litter mates who have lived together their whole lives, now have to be separated at all times due to sudden severe aggression towards each other.",[removed]
556,CatAdvice,"Our 2 cats (7.5 year old females), littermates who have lived together their whole lives, now have to be separated at all times due to severe aggression towards each other. Really at a loss of what to do.",
557,CatAdvice,Is an apartment life good for my cat?,"Hey, 

My cat was a stray. I adopted her a year ago. We lived in a cottage with plenty of enclosed lawn area where dogs didn't get in. She does roam outside the area. 

We are considering moving to a new place. There are 3 bedroom (2 washroom) and it's on the ground floor. There are other building around too. And the main problem is that there person next door has an agressive dog. I don't think they let him out. But we are not sure of that. Plus there are community strays around the area. 

Is it a good idea to move in and keep her as a fully indoor cat? 

Best case scenario would be that they neighbor will keep their dog inside so she can roam around. But I think its most likely that we should keep her as a completely indoor cat. 

I am just worried that since she liked to spend time in the lawn and roam around she will be stressed in the new home. 

What do you guys think???"
558,CatAdvice,Possible to see blood using pine pellets?,Title. Do the urine saw bits become red due to the blood?
559,CatAdvice,sterilizing male cat to stop peeing at random places?,[removed]
560,CatAdvice,how to get kittens to get along,"i adopted a kitten 3 months ago and didn't get a pair at that time because i live with my parents, who were adamant on only getting one at that time. however, i told them the research about how kittens are happier and usually healthier as pairs so i went adopted another kitten a week ago. my first kitten (pepsi) is 5 mo, and my new kitten (soot) is 3 mo, but my first kitten is about 3x the size of the new one lol. pepsi was pretty stressed at first, but after an introduction over a few days he's obsessed with her and wants to play, and is trilling and showing no signs of aggression. however, he tends to pounce and play too hard so soot is fearful and continues to hiss and growl whenever he moves to fast. he sometimes pounces on her and she hates that and i clap to separate them. she will sometimes instigate things too though haha. do you guys have any advice on how to make soot less fearful of pepsi, for a new cat owner? thank u all!! tried a feliway diffuser and having them share churu snacks haha. they sleep in separate rooms but have been having supervised play for the past three days."
561,CatAdvice,My neutered cat humps my blanket on top of me.,[removed]
562,CatAdvice,why aren't my cats getting along,"I have 2 cats, both between 1-2 years old, female, fixed, and from the same breeder (but different litters). The first is a grey tabby named Whisper, and the second is a calico named Calypso. They usually get along fine, sure they might get upset with each other every now and then, but they are usually over it with a day, maybe 2, and can be seen snuggling with and cleaning each other less than a week later. But recently Calypso has been growling? (Not really growling but I can't think of a better word for it) and hissing any time Whisper is nearby. It's been going on for a few days now and I just heard a scuffle an entered the dining room to see Calypso on the table hissing at Whisper who was on a chair looking at her. Whisper never growls or hisses at Calypso (even in previous fights) and doesn't even seem concerned when they are in the same room whereas Calypso won't take her eyes off Whisper for more than 20 seconds and is constantly making noise if she can even smell her. At this point I don't know what to do, they are currently separated to different rooms and will be for the rest of the night. Any advice on what I should do moving forward?"
563,CatAdvice,Trying to get one half of bonded pair to come inside after other cat's death,[removed]
564,CatAdvice,Desexing,"Hello, I currently have a male cat that is desexed. I am currently thinking of getting another male cat as a friend. Should I desex the new kitten or should it be okay?"
565,CatAdvice,Need advice on how to administer injections.,"Hello. Our baby boy was recently diagnosed with FIP. Does anyone have any advice on how to make it not as horrible for our cat (and ourselves)? The first time we did the shot, he was still feeling the sedatives he received that day from the vet so he didn’t react as bad. But now that he’s feeling a little bit better after some fluids have been drained from his chest, he fights us now and even bit me today (didn’t break skin luckily). Any advice is appreciated. Thanks!"
566,CatAdvice,"Suggestions for kitten toys? ~6 mo twins, active kitten loves shredding blinds and is causing lots of damage!","Hi y'all! Adopted two fluffy Siamese mix sisters in June, everything pretty smooth except we're struggling to provide enough play for one of them. Wisp is a very active kitty who loves hunting and fighting and biting, she definitely has her snuggly moments and loves us and her sister but has sooo much energy. It's proving difficult to keep her focused on toys for longer periods of time, once she gets bored of playing with a toy and we stop, she immediately starts to attack stuff in the house. 

The blinds are a big issue accelerating our need for toys because she is systemically destroying them. Every window blind has pieces missing and we're increasingly afraid that our landlord will take notice of it if she continues. Keeping them rolled up isn't feasible as we're visible for anyone coming in the apartment building due to our apt placement. Curtains are against the lease terms unfortunately too.

Getting her redirected to toys is just getting harder with time. If anyone can suggest toys that might scratch this itch for her please let me know!! Anything work for your cats? Got any ideas that might fit what she needs? I'm running low on ideas. Details on what we've learned so far:

What she seems to enjoy is being able to reach/jump up and hunt things above her. The blinds are heavenly, she also climbed and ripped apart a small potted tree. Climbing it and hunting the leaves as they shook in response to her climbing was irresistible. She got bored when the leaves were all ripped off and the thin trunk was bent sideways so climbing wasn't very good.

I have a tall tower scratcher, medium height cat tree with 3 tallish levels, and a dangling bungee toy attached to a doorway arch. They just can't compete with the sweet sweet blinds. Other toys she likes but can't focus on anymore are the little plastic springs to hunt, and feather/ribbon bird on a wand. If these fail to work for short play sessions I don't know what we'll do to entertain her anymore haha."
567,CatAdvice,will cat get bored of chicken and rice?,[removed]
568,CatAdvice,Advice on my cat using her paws to eat wet food,"Alright, well like the title says, my 4 y/o cat has developed a habit of sticking/dipping/spooning out her food with her paws. 

She’s always been a bit quirky, and I discovered quickly after I adopted her at 3 months, that if I gave her wet food without mashing it up completely with water into a thinner paste/soup, that she would just grab chunks and pull them on the floor. She also ate her dry food so fast that I had to buy her a slow feeder.

She’s done well with adjustments I made according to her weird habits  and I haven’t really had issues until a few months ago when I noticed she was using her paws to scoop out her wet food and either lick it off her paws, or eat it off the ground.

I thought maybe the dish we had was too deep and narrow and it was hurting her whiskers to use that bowl, so I bought bowls that are flat and wide. Unfortunately it hasn’t helped and I’m running out of ideas. I’ve even put down a mat to help curb messes.

I’m now thinking that maybe I should get an elevated pet bowl to see if it’s more to do with the discomfort of eating from a bowl on the floor.

I’m wondering if anyone else has dealt with this sort of problem before and what things were tried and what worked.

I’m just worried because she’ll jump straight from her litter and then use her paws to eat. I can’t imagine that’s good for her :( not to mention I obviously don’t want my cat eating straight off the floor. Sometimes I step in food without realizing and she’ll just eat that too. Or she’ll eat random hair and then have hairball issues that she’s already prone to.

One other weird food bowl issue I’ve also noticed recently is that she sometimes gets in this obsessive mindset of trying to bury her food. Of course she cannot dig into my floor, she she ends up scratching around her bowl until sometimes she tips it over. I have her food dish as far from her litterbox as I can have it, because I’ve read that sometimes cat’s will want to bury their scent and of course a kill/eating area is something cats would want to coverup from predators or other cats.

I know it’s a lot of info, but I’m hoping someone will have gone through something similar and can give me ideas that I haven’t tried."
569,CatAdvice,Extreme Cat behaviour advice needed.,[removed]
570,CatAdvice,Worried about my outdoor cat,[removed]
571,CatAdvice,can i feed tiki cat wet food to my 3 month old kitten?,[removed]
572,CatAdvice,Problem with cats ears?,[removed]
573,CatAdvice,Did I erase my cats good memories?,[removed]
574,CatAdvice,How to change my cat habit to wake me up at 6am?,"When I first got my cat, a year and half ago, I made a critical mistake: I gave her kibble each morning, when I woke up.
After a few months, when I noticed she was waking me up to demand her food, I stopped doing that, and gave her food each evening instead. 

The problem is, she never unlearned this habit, and since then wake me up nearly each morning at 4-6 am. 
She is very demanding, purring, licking, climbing me, and above all, the dreadfully ""paw in the eye"" maneuver!
She is relentless, until I'm up and about, then she will go eat without further problem and let me go back to sleep (if I manage to...)

Some details:

She have a tower feeder.  Each evening I put enough kibble for 24h. So she have far enough kibble in the tower for her morning meal. 

She know how to feed herself from the tower, and doesn't need me. She just wait until I'm up and in the same room as the feeder to do it... I don't even have to approach the feeder, just being in the same room... 

To be more precise, there is a stair leading to the main room. 
If I am on the last step of the stair, she will wait, keep peace between the feeder and me, prodding me to continue. 
If I make one more step to be in the room, she will be content and eat, I'm not needed anymore..

My apartment is really open, with no door that I could use to prevent her from sleeping with me and walking me up (and I like the fact that she sleep with me every night)

Do you have any idea how I could make her unlearn this bad habit of her? I'd like to get a good night of sleep sometimes!"
575,CatAdvice,Why is my cat rolling on the floor when I brush her?,"My cat is a 2 year-old spayed female, domestic shorthair. Before I adopted her from the shelter, she was a stray. 

Whenever I try to brush her, she puts herself on the floor 5 seconds after I start brushing. And, start rolling on her back. As she rolls, I brush the side of her that's not on the floor.

What's confusing me is: what's the reason for non-stop rolling? Does she enjoy it or does she feel itchy?"
576,CatAdvice,Royal canin healthy/good for kittens? (CANADA),[removed]
577,CatAdvice,"Single Cat Syndrome with adult cat, need help","My cat (2.5y neutered female) I adopted as a sole kitten. I just very recently learned about single Kitten Syndrome and feel so guilty for adopting her alone and feel like her quality of life is so low because she doesn’t have a friend. My sister has two cats but we’ve tried for over a year to slowly socialize them together and it is absolutely not working. When they have accidentally gotten at each other with no cage, My cat will run after them and pounce on them when their social cues indicate they don’t want that. My sister is very well versed in cat care so we have been taking all the proper steps to try and socialize them slowly but she just won’t reduce her aggression. I think she’s trying to play but they perceive it as an attack - which it pretty much is. 

I really want to help her overcome this, as she’s going to be without me soon when I go off to college next summer. I want her to have someone else to play with besides my dad and sister because they are busy people. I also would like her to be able to move from my dads house with me eventually and I don’t feel comfortable with her being away from our remote area with no other outdoor cats. My ultimate goal is for her to be able to be more of an indoor cat (I’m aware of the ethical and environmental problems with indoor/outdoor cats which is why I want her to get more stimulation within the home so she doesn’t crave the outdoors so much). My question currently is: Would it be a good idea to get her her own kitten friend? The reason I think it might be better is because my sisters cats are heavily bonded and are already afraid of her. I don’t see them warming up to her anytime soon. I thought maybe it would be a good idea to teach her to socialize appropriately on her own new friend, maybe a kitten because she might be more gentle with it? I just want her to be happy without having to be outside most of the day, and I wish this wasn’t a problem I love her so much and want her to have cat friends to play with. Please be gentle about this I am already so anxious about her and her happiness i shame myself so much for this. Please let me know if this would be a good idea and if you have any other suggestions. Thank you :)"
578,CatAdvice,Reduce cat food smell in my home,[removed]
579,CatAdvice,Crusty Cat Privates - Post-Neuter Help Needed,[removed]
580,CatAdvice,Outdoor cat just ran in to my house.,"So I opened the door to my apt. and a black kitty just ran on in. I have my own indoor cat who I put in the bedroom once he saw the other cat, giving the outdoor cat some time to run around my apartment, and check out my cats litter and food. I have the outdoor cat now locked in the bathroom but I’m not sure what to do. I’m also concerned about the safety of my indoor cat especially considering the outdoor cat managed to rub up against everything in the house before I could contain him in the bathroom. Any advice?"
581,CatAdvice,Are there any high sided sifting litter boxes than can be used with pine litter?,[removed]
582,CatAdvice,Toy recommendations for 7 year old indoor cat?,"He was very playful as a kitten but now he hisses at toys 🤷‍♀️ 

Toys he doesn’t show interest in:

-any kind of string toys, wands
- feathers
- mice 
- balls
- cat puzzle with treats inside 
- tunnel 
- that ball toy thing that makes the ball roll in a circle 

Things he likes:

- cat tree
- chasing his sister (playing tag)

He has access to the back patio and has huge window to look outside upstairs.  

What else could I offer him? I’m out of ideas. 
I want to stimulate him. He meows a lot of boredom 😞"
583,CatAdvice,Dewormer,"Hello! I need some advice regarding a sweet stray who decided that we will be his family and he basically let us know that we will be adopting him. 

We took him to the vet today for an exam &amp; vaccinations. We scheduled his neuter for December 12. The vet estimates that he’s around a year old.

He’s healthy overall but tested positive for roundworms- not surprising since he’s lived outdoors for most of his life. We have him quarantined in our climate controlled garage so he is warm and safe. My question is - how long until the worms are gone? I’m ready to bring him into live with us but we have 2 cats and we don’t want to spread worms. 

Thanks I’m advance! I forgot to ask the vet today. He had a meltdown as soon as we went toward the car. Once we got into the vet he peed and pooped in his carrier and was almost inconsolable. I can’t help but think he remembers being dumped on the side of the road. He loves us so much and I hate having to keep him separated."
584,CatAdvice,Aggression - tips until the vet visit.,"TL/DR: my cat is being extremely aggressive with me and I need tips to navigate it until the vet. 

I am prefacing this by making it clear she’s going to be checked out by the vet in a few days (which was the soonest they could fit her in) 

Background info: 
My cat has always been aggressive when I have visitors, but it’s been manageable. 

Recently she’s been aggressive with me - this has been only following a specific incident. 

I blew a hiking safety whistle in the kitchen (just not thinking) and it triggered an “episode” where she started yowling at me, pupils dilated, and aggressively following me as I backed away from her until I could cordon her into a part of the house to calm down. (I had some gabepenton gave to her in food to help the calm) 

Since then there’s been multiple occasions where she though I was going to do that loud noise thing in the kitchen, and has began to do the same behaviours. 

The last two days in particular have been hellish because she mistook my being at the bench in the kitchen as a possible re-do, I caught her eye and noticed her pupils dilating and beginning to take the strange body language she displayed that night, and has been aggressive ever since. 

I thought the night would “reset” her to calm mode, but this morning she was on edge and not really comfortable as I moved about my morning duties, tentative and anxious, sharply observing me - I fed her and played for a while with her toy but noticed whenever I caught her eye her focus would be primarily on me and not the toy and I sensed it wouldn’t take much at all to set her off again. Cut to me making a tea in the kitchen, and she was at my feet, when I looked down and at her, the pupils went big again and she began her tense body and meowing, and as soon as I back away she yowls louder and it’s happening once again. 

I feel so guilty because she’s spend most of the last 36 hours or so blocked off in a small part of the house. I’m giving her the gabepenten in food serves to try and calm some of this - but I just feel awful, it’s a silly mistake I made one time, thats turned into what appears to be a trauma for her - as she already had a nervous disposition. Now our relationship has been severely impacted, the trust seems gone. I always appreciated that she was a cranky little defensive thing, but with me she was tolerant, and even sometimes, when I was lucky, loving and a lap cat etc. 

I’m terribly afraid of what’s going to happen at the vets - because the last few times I’ve brought her in, it’s basically been a costly bust, because they’re not willing to take her out of her cage (understandably) even with the gabepenton, so they’ve not been able to perform a full check. 

This time they say they’ll sedate her and check her ears because she’s been shaking her head frequently and seems bothered by her ears. (This also makes me feel awful because what if the whistle caused some damage!?) 

Anyways - now all the background has been provided - my question is - how do I make it through the next 3 days if her temperament remains on this level? Am I going to have to keep drugging her and sequestering her in small rooms until then, for my own safety? Isn’t that only going to cause her further trauma and distrust? 

Any tips on how to navigate such an aggressive frame of mind of hers until she can be seen to would be so very appreciated! Thank you if you’ve read all this!"
585,CatAdvice,destructive cat. help!!!,"My flatmate's super cute cat is destructive.  I like her and pet her, but she enters my room, breaks things destroyed my fairy lights, chewed my handbags and sheds an awful lot of hair in my bed. I find cat hair on my pillow and duvet everyday.

I sprayed a concoction of lavender oil,  orange oil,  and water near my door to repel the cat but no use. Please tell me how to keep her away from the room without using any cruel methods. I cannot move."
586,CatAdvice,UPDATE,[removed]
587,CatAdvice,Is it normal for my cat (13f) to not be able to jump anymore?,[removed]
588,CatAdvice,How to motivate a cat to play?,[removed]
589,CatAdvice,How to protect automatic feeder from desperate cat,[removed]
590,CatAdvice,Are there any non-prescription dry cat foods for urinary crystals?,[removed]
591,CatAdvice,Cat litter,"I’ve been a cat owner for 4 years and now I have 5 cats. I’ve tried your traditional clay cat litter which has never been ideal due to tracking, pine pellets, paper pellets (🤢), and now I’ve been using oko cat litter pellets, which has been the best thing I’ve found but at $32 a bag, it’s expensive and if there’s anything better for maybe a little less, I’m all ears. What’s your cat litter system?"
592,CatAdvice,introduced new cat to 3 residents a few weeks ago... everything's gone great but as of yesterday the new cat and 1 of the 3 do NOT get along?,"I'm so confused. It took new kitty (Gus) a while to get comfortable, but it's now been a few weeks of them all mingling successfully without supervision needed! I have Gus and another boy, and they get along, they've started playing and everything, they also eat dinner side by side everyday. My roommate has two cats as well. 



Gus is a larger guy compared to two and the one he doesn't suddenly get along with (Soup) is definitely the biggest. Gus would still be on edge for a while while walking by Soup and would hiss and maybe swat if Soup got too close but that was it. 


Yesterday all of a sudden a cat fight broke out between the two while I was out of the house. My roommate described it to be pretty scary, and both of them were going toward one another... so we decided to keep Gus isolated in my room for the night, and just today I decided to let Gus out to see how it would go... and yes, the two went to fight again. I initially grabbed gus who was trying to get out of my arms and run away while Soup was climbing up me to attack. I then grabbed Soup who mauled up my arm while Gus ran away. 



I'm at a loss and I'm panicked. Rehoming isn't an option, and me and my roommate likely won't be living together much longer since I may be moving out of town. 



Does anyone had advice or any reasoning why this suddenly happened?"
593,CatAdvice,introducing a shy cat to a large dog,[removed]
594,CatAdvice,Cats don't get along...and never have.,[removed]
595,CatAdvice,Tips for introducing cats with limited space,[removed]
596,CatAdvice,"Friend's cat has turned suddenly aggressive toward her 8 month old kitten, not sure what to do.",[removed]
597,CatAdvice,Inherited cat is making me miserable,[removed]
598,CatAdvice,Cat play dates to keep cat socialized?,"I am cat sitting my neighbors cats for the rest of the year, my neighbor suggested I move in to her house and bring my cat since she knows my living space is kind of toxic. 

I have my cat currently over at my house and just go over to spend time with the other cats and feed them, since I’m worried to freak my cat out by moving her over there.

I have seen kitten play dates are a bad idea on here, I’m worried about the potential of her getting used to the new house then after this month moving back here to our house where her space would be reduced to one floor instead of three.

The plot also gets even more complicated when one of the cats I’m taking care of over there is one my neighbor is contemplating rehoming to me when I move out within the next year. So that would mean my cat would have to get used to and test it out to see if she likes him. But I don’t know if I should stress her out for such a short term thing, and I don’t plan to as of now. Just wondering if moving over there and getting her involved sounds like a good move. 


TLDR: Advice is welcomed. Cat sitting cats, one of whom I am potentially adopting. The plan right now is check in on the other kitties twice a day w feedings litter the whole nine yards, then come home to my kitty. Wondering if anyone ever brought their cats short term to somewhere else and had it work out well."
599,CatAdvice,first time travelling with kitten,"hi! i have a 3 month old kitten who has been with me for a month now and he is the first pet i’ve ever owned. i just want some advice about bringing him to my parents house over Christmas. 

he’s gotten so comfortable with me and my bf in such a short amount of time; he is confidently roaming our apartment and is very playful. it only took about a week for him to be ready to leave his safe room. even so, he’s still very cautious of everything and everyone, and seems very antisocial. he’s still not fully comfortable around our flatmate yet and when we had 2 of our friends friends over last week, he hid in his tower for 6 hours straight and refused to come out until they left. this has me worried about how he will react to travelling and staying in another house for a few days. 

i live in London and my parents house is about an hour and a half train journey away which isn’t too bad but i know he’s going to be stressed regardless. i’m afraid that when we get there, he will hide under the sofa the entire time and refuse to eat or something like that. we plan on bringing his toys, cat tree and bed with us so hopefully he will feel more at home. is there any i can further prepare for to make this whole situation easier?

ps. we will not be getting a cat sitter because no one we know is willing to take him during the Christmas period and understandably so."
600,CatAdvice,Roommate's cat is stressing out my elderly cat,"Looking for advice! My cat recently moved to a new place, and she loved it until my new roommate moved in with her cat. Now, she spends all her time side-eying him on the couch away from everybody. She stopped sleeping in my bed because the couch is the only place he doesn't pester her as much. I took her to the vet and she's mostly fine (has a bit of a cold that we're working out as well as arthritis that is being medicated), but it doesn't look like this is caused by a medical condition because whenever my roommate takes her cat away for a few days when she visits her family, she is back to normal. She is usually very social and friendly, but she seems mad at everybody when the other cat is around. When he's away, she's always purring and looking for attention.

She has my room as a safe space, but it's almost impossible to keep the other cat away. Neither of them are violent, but he won't stop coming into my room to pester her. She's angry all the time when he's around. I don't really know what to do from here. I've tried incentivizing my roommate's cat to avoid my room in various different ways, but she is just generally unhappy when he's around. My lease ends in a couple months so I can move out if it's not fixed by then, but in the meantime I need a solution. Any advice would be appreciated!"
601,CatAdvice,Considering foster failing-again,"Hello all! Glad to be around fellow cat enthusiasts. 

I have a dilemma on a potential foster fail situation and I’d like to get some perspective. 


I’ve been fostering for about a year and a half and have fostered 20 cats. Very early in our foster days, my partner and I adopted a brother and sister from a litter we were fostering. We wanted to keep the girl immediately and we kept her brother because he was nervous and needed a pal. We love them unconditionally and have no regrets whatsoever. My partner and I acknowledge we were overzealous at the time and probably should’ve given them a chance to get adopted out. Fast forward, and we have significantly more fostering experience after 20 kittens. I love my fosters, but I’ve never been that attached to them and am happy when they find their homes. 

Until we got our current fosters last weekend, Truffles and Butterscotch, a bonded pair of calico sisters. My heart exploded the moment I let them out of their carrier. They’re 6 months old, my oldest fosters so far. They are so loving, polite, cuddly, get along with my cats, and well mannered girls. They wanted to sleep under the covers with us immediately and be carried around like babies. My partner and I are *so* torn on keeping them. We fully acknowledge 4 cats is a lot of work, cleaning, more vet bills and more commitment. But we adore them in a way I haven’t felt about any of my previous fosters, including my own cats. Don’t get me wrong, I LOVE my cats. But it took me a while to feel that level of connection with them. Both my partner and I feel highly emotional at the thought of them leaving our house, and neither of us have felt that before. We both have the $ to support that many animals and we live in a situation where all cats can get space if they need it."
602,CatAdvice,The lady who found my cat refuses to give it back,[removed]
603,CatAdvice,How to keep my cat indoors for good,"Can anyone give me advice for my cat? My mom has gotten him so used to going out that he will cry non-stop until we let him out. Sometimes it gets so annoying that we have no choice but to let him out because he’ll cry all night long or early in the morning. Is there anything I can do to train him to stay inside?? I’ve considered just locking him in a room with food, water, and litter until he gets used to it but idk what to do exactly.. it’s rough especially when we have to work in the morning and he cries non stop."
604,CatAdvice,My neutered cat humps blanket on top of me.,[removed]
605,CatAdvice,Can a cat have too much water?,[removed]
606,CatAdvice,How to tell if a cat likes being held?,"my cat lets me pick her up, and she purrs and snuggles when shes being held. and she only wants to be set down when she sees something else that interests her (food, birds outside the window, etc)

But im worried about doing things she doesn't like because i cant ask her, so i have to just assume? will cats act like they like being held when they dont actually like it? I dont want to upset her"
607,CatAdvice,"Momma cat newly fixed, and is crying nonstop from being separated from babies.","Hey all! My momma cat just got fixed earlier today. The vet recommended keeping her separate from her two kittens and my other cat, in case they rough house. I've had them separated for about 3.5 and both the kittens and momma are howling at the door between them. Is it okay if I let them hang out under supervision, unless they start rough housing? My other cat takes little to no interest in her so he won't be a problem. I'm gonna keep her closed in my bedroom with me overnight and while I'm at work tomorrow either way. Thanks in advance!"
608,CatAdvice,My kitten (3-ish months) attacks me quite ferociously. How do I figure out the cause and make it stop?,[removed]
609,CatAdvice,Found a kitten,[removed]
610,CatAdvice,Moving / Long Car ride,[removed]
611,CatAdvice,Rudycats Maine Coon Breeder UK,This breeder has been exposed for her cruelty and neglect. She’s still actively taking deposits then not answering buyers. She’s a LTD company and will likely fold and start a new one. She’s linked to Wildblue Cattery. https://rudyexposed.com
612,CatAdvice,Suggestions for a large cat tree,"Hi! I have an 18 lb, 1 year old, Siberian. I feel bad that he doesn’t fit in any of the beds on any of our cat trees. Does anyone else have a large cat tree that they would recommend for a larger cat?"
613,CatAdvice,Best cat stroller?,"I want to take my 15 pound boy for walks, so am looking for a stroller for Black Friday.  Ideally it’d be something with a lot of screening rather than fabric so that I can keep it zipped up but he can still see everything in front of him at least (rather than the designs I’m mostly seeing that look like they’d have to stand up to see out.

Bonus points if it can convert to a car carrier.  Comfort is a must."
614,CatAdvice,Is he attacking me or playing,"I got a cat about a week ago and he is about 3 months old. When I try to pet him he let's me then after like 6 pets he attacks me, it doesn't hurt but he does it a lot, is it just cause is young? 
https://imgur.com/a/bjhjLf6
He is a video of him"
615,CatAdvice,New kitten stressing out my older cats,"Hi everyone, I'm new here so sorry if I miss something!
My partner and I have two beautiful cats (7yo Persian/Ragdoll male and 3yo Persian female). We recently adopted a British Shorthair kitten (3.5 months-ish male) and he is very excited and active, as kittens are..

The 7yo is fine with him but sometimes loses his patience. The 3yo, however, is very stressed by the kitten. She hasn't been nice to him once. She hisses and growls at him if she sees him nearby and bats him if he dares to get too close. I know this stuff is normal, but he's been home over a month with no improvement.

This evening I was trying to remove some of her matted fur and she got very aggressive with me. She also seems to have some balding spots on the side of her belly (possibly over grooming, or maybe from matting?) she often gets matts but it's never been this alarming. She's also losing her voice from hissing so much.

We have feliway friends plugins but they don't seem to be helping. I absolutely adore my little Persian, she's always been feisty and a little distant, but now she seems VERY stressed and aggressive with everyone, not just the kitten.

The kitten has a special room he's been confined to since he came home so they have their own 'safe spaces' but I'm worried my little Persian is going to end up in a bad way from the stress.

Any advice is greatly appreciated"
616,CatAdvice,Recommendations for cat sitting insurance (UK),"Hello

I am a UK-based cat sitter (recently registered on Cat in Flat) and have been building up a steady client base in my local area. The platform I use comes with some guarantees and everything has been okay so far but I have been thinking I should get my own insurance to cover any eventualities.

A quick google seems to offer quite few options but reviews are mixed. Does anyone have any direct experience of arranging pet sitting insurance and does anyone have any recommendations for insurance companies I should consider?

Thanks in advance"
617,CatAdvice,Cat sitter insurance recommendations (UK),"Hello

I am a UK-based cat sitter (recently registered on Cat in Flat) and have been building up a steady client base in my local area. The platform I use comes with some guarantees and everything has been okay so far but I have been thinking I should get my own insurance to cover any eventualities.

A quick google seems to offer quite few options but reviews are mixed. Does anyone have any direct experience of arranging pet sitting insurance and does anyone have any recommendations for insurance companies I should consider?

Thanks in advance"
618,CatAdvice,Converting outdoor kitten to indoors (suddenly hiding under car in garage),[removed]
619,CatAdvice,Should my cats travel with me??,"so I have 2 cats, ages 1 and 2. I’m going back home for christmas for 2 weeks and i’ve never left them alone before. I have a cat sitter lined up who would check on them once a day, but i think i would feel better if they just came with me instead, im already bringing my dogs and i would have a room they could stay in. it’s about a 22 hour drive, i just don’t want to stress them out. my cats are very attached to me and i don’t know how they would do without me for 2 weeks."
620,CatAdvice,Friendly brothers started fighting - need help,"I have two cats. They are littermates and I've had them for two years. Until four days ago they were good friends, always playing and caring for each other. They always slept together and never seemed to mind sharing their resources (we have plenty of food and water resources around the house and 3 litterboxes). They are both neutered. 

Four days ago they suddenly got into a nasty fight. They were both sleeping in our bed and out of the blue we started hearing yeowling and hissing. The smaller one hid and there were drops of urine and bits of fur on the floor. After this I separated them, and kept them in different rooms, each with water, food and litterboxes. 

One day later I tried to unite them again. They were fine for 20 minutes, and then started fighting again. 

Now I've been keeping them separated for 3 days. They are chill with me and my partner, they just dont like being stuck in rooms, without being able to roam around the house. One of the rooms has a glass door, so I can have them both looking at eachother without touching - however, I have been doing this for short periods of time since when they see eachother they freak out and stare, with raised hairs. Both seem agressive towards one another. 

Last time I did this (today), the smaller one hid, and has been hiding inside the glass door room ever since. 

I have bought a Feliway diffuser, but so far no results. They have been seen by a vet, that said it seemed a comportamental issue and suggested medicating one of them (the initial agressor). 

Any advice ? It is being very hard to deal with this situation and I feel I'm not helping them."
621,CatAdvice,I'm not sure what to do,[removed]
622,CatAdvice,Cat going feral randomly,[removed]
623,CatAdvice,We need to leave our cat with someone for a month but we're not sure what option is the best one (or the lesser evil),"1st option: the house of the parents of my girlfriend. It's on the field, near a forest, so chances of escaping are high. She's climbed to trees before, but the parents of my girlfriend won't be able to climb after her. Also now there are 2 new dogs that she doesn't know. She will have the whole house for her and will be able to sleep wherever she wants.

2nd option: a room in the house of a friend. This friend has another cat and 2 dogs. Our cat has leucemia (no symptoms though), so she won't be able to mingle with the other cat, which is why she'd be in a room. We're not sure if the friend's cat has the vaccine for leucemia but we're offering to pay it, just in the event that she escapes that room (she will 100% escape at least twice). The good thing is that ""escaping"" here doesn't mean that she will be out in the forest.

3rd option: not a lot. Pet hotels are either too expensive or they keep the animals in cages, which would be worse than option 2.

I feel like option 1 would be more ""physically"" endangering while option 2 would be more ""emotional"" or stressing (but I guess being out in the wild would be stressing too). I think option 2 is ""objectively"" safer but I'm not sure. What do you think?"
624,CatAdvice,Just neutered my 7 months old kitten and now he is scared and just keeps on hiding…,[removed]
625,CatAdvice,What to do 7month kitten and 2.5yr cat,"Hello. My girlfriend and I recently (month ago) adopted two cats from the local shelter. One (7month male) and the other (2.5 yr female). Both fixed and such. 

Does anyone have any suggestions - I am feeling a bit like we made a mistake not getting either *just* the 2.5 yr old or not getting the 7mo along with another kitten from his litter. 

He is very active and curious. He wants to play anytime he isn’t sleeping. She enjoys laying low all day long and can sit in front of the window for hours on end. She isn’t really interested in play time (maybe about 10 min max (if that) a day). Obviously this isn’t the best mix. He walks around sadly meowing sometimes like he really wants a friend. I work from home so I can give him a bit of attention but I really feel like he needs a friend around his age with similar energy. 

We cannot get a third cat at our apartment (2 max). Also, we don’t know her history - the shelter didn’t have much info to share. (Don’t know if she was someone’s house pet that they gave up or what). He and his liter were found in a trash can and spent the first 6 months at the shelter. 

At first she was very scared of him. Hissing and running and hiding anytime he got near. (We had them meet at the shelter and that didn’t happen there). Over the course of the last month that has improved and it isn’t as often. However he tries to play with her and it truly seems like she just doesn’t understand what play is. We thought they were finally playing together the other day but once the wrestling stopped it was clear she did not know that it was play (she was extremely shaken and anxious for ~20 min after). 

I guess I’m not sure what to do. Perhaps she needs to be in a home where she is the only cat. She’s not very affectionate towards humans either. But I don’t know if that’s in part because the kitten is always around. I know it’s likely he will start to mellow a bit over the next year - but am I depriving him of something by not having a real friend? And is it not fair to her for having to deal with him and be so anxious? Maybe enough time hasn’t passed and they will become friends.. but I’m worried they won’t as their attitudes/energies are quite different."
626,CatAdvice,Are the plastic/soft tipped brushes good for a short haired kitten?,[removed]
627,CatAdvice,kitten stuck in the hvac,8 week old kitten got stuck in the hvac because it was scared.we just got him today. he’s been in the for about two hours what should i do?
628,CatAdvice,is there any way to stop my new cat trying to assert dominance over my resident cat?,[removed]
629,CatAdvice,My cat attacked the pet sitter's cat. Does this mean I should never get another cat?,[removed]
630,CatAdvice,Cat got spayed- hates cone and recovery suit. Plz help,[removed]
631,CatAdvice,can adult cat food stunt growth?,[removed]
632,CatAdvice,Best furry friend for an anxious cat?,[removed]
633,CatAdvice,My cat bites people's legs?,[removed]
634,CatAdvice,Best Kitten Food,"Hello! My bf and I are adding a kitten to our lives hopefully in the next few days/weeks! Checking out some shelters/rescues this weekend. We have two cats already- who I feed Weruva and occasionally Tiki Cat. The one cat sometimes eats fancy feast when he's being picky. Plus their dry food.

Now, we haven't had a kitten in about 11 years - so I guess I'm wondering what the best kitten food out there is(within reason financially)? Should I stick to the weruva/tiki cat brands or is there another kitten food you guys would reccommend? Thanks in advance."
635,CatAdvice,New cat not getting along with resident cat,[removed]
636,CatAdvice,How to add more gravy to their food?,My cat only slurps the gravy. Leaves all the meat behind. Won't touch pate food at all. I bought it in bulk and don't want to throw it. How can I make them eat the pate? Anyway to make my own gravy and add to it?
637,CatAdvice,How well do jute rugs hold up in a cat home?,[removed]
638,CatAdvice,What's the best way to check if you're allergic to a particular cat? (Before bringing one home!),[removed]
639,CatAdvice,Is it normal for a cat to just chill under the couch?,"She goes under there and just chills/sleeps. She’s eating perfectly fine, playing, chasing bugs etc. it just makes me and my bf sad cause normally she’ll come and sit on our laps/couch during the evening while we’re watching tv or whatever. 

She’s not scared or anything but we’re just curious if this means something? It’s been very hot (28/31 degrees) here the past few days so maybe that has something to do with it? 

She’s female, about 1.5 years old and a VERY active/playful cat. Very strong prey drive. Admittedly we don’t play with her as much as she’d like (at least once per day normally, but she’d play for hours if she could) but she gets so much love and attention she’s literally our life."
640,CatAdvice,Cat Eats Dog’s Food,"Hi There! 

So… Our cat likes to snack on our dog’s food. She is up 1 lb from last year, so I don’t want the trend to continue. I talked to her vet about it, and he said it’s not great for her because the nutritional balance is different. 

Our dog is a grazer, so it’s not ideal to put his food away — but that may ultimately be the easiest and best solution. 

In the meantime, I’ve been feeding our cat less of her food to hopefully balance it out. 

I even tried getting the same flavor and brand of the dog’s food in the cat version, but she wouldn’t touch it 😅

Does anyone else have this problem? Any solutions?"
641,CatAdvice,"Cat suddenly peeing all over house, need advice!",[removed]
642,CatAdvice,Unforeseen benefit to having 2 cats! A story about whisker fatigue &amp; picky eating,[removed]
643,CatAdvice,Bluetooth connected feeder and fountains,[removed]
644,CatAdvice,My kitten's eye is swollen. Help.,[removed]
645,CatAdvice,Lilies up high,[removed]
646,CatAdvice,Where to put my cat at night?,"My cat loves to be outdoors and during the day gets to be wherever he wants because there is almost always someone to open the door for him. However this is a problem at night. At some point, he starts to complain to go out. After an hour or so he comes back. He usually repeats this 2-3 times until the morning. I’ve tried several times to spare other family members from waking up from his meows by trying to get him to sleep in my bedroom at least for a few hours, but he meows deeply and sadly pretty soon.

The solution for this in the warmer months is by leaving him in the nearby shed over the night where he has food/water and a litterbox inside. I pick him up in the morning. However the nights are much colder now, it can get around 32F (0C) outside, not much warmer in the shed. I feel like it’s not right to leave him there while it’s that cold, I feel guilty that he would be freezing and having health problems afterwards. At this point I am pretty much desperate to find a solution for the winter months. 

Ps. Pet entrance is not an option"
647,CatAdvice,My cat thinks my flocked Christmas tree is a snack.,[removed]
648,CatAdvice,Introduced cat suddenly aggressive,[removed]
649,CatAdvice,New Kitten’s FeLV are Equivocal,[removed]
650,CatAdvice,Cat and I both have ringworm. Can we interact as normal during treatment?,[removed]
651,CatAdvice,New kitty advice please,[removed]
652,CatAdvice,Cat keeps scratching the carpet.,[removed]
653,CatAdvice,Should I take my cat to the vet,[removed]
654,CatAdvice,everybody in my house suddenly allergic. I’m not sure what to do.,[removed]
655,CatAdvice,Retraining a cat advice needed,[removed]
656,CatAdvice,Good treats for a cat who isn’t food motivated?,[removed]
657,CatAdvice,How to get my cat to gain weight,[removed]
658,CatAdvice,Cat still having litter box issues after over 6 months,"I've posted here multiple times before but nothing seems to work, so I'm trying to get more opinions again. 

We got our cat in March from the local shelter; she was declawed and immediately surrendered by her previous owner and has some other trauma, as well as previously being indoor/outdoor. Ever since we got her she has always pooped outside of the litter box. She'll pee in it but is really inconsistent about pooping. 

She has two litter boxes in different parts of the house that are always accessible to her and they're scooped daily. I switch out the litter every 4-6 weeks. She has a soft litter (okocat) for her paws and I put Cat Attract in it when I swap out the boxes.

We've swapped out her food for one that suits her, gone through three or four litters, got a hood for both of her boxes, took off a hood, bought a new box, put it in another location, we encourage her and give her extra affection every time we see her use the litter box, and we move her into the litter box if she looks like she's about to go.

We took her to the vet months ago, but the vet told us that she was perfectly healthy, just having behavioral problems, but to keep trying new things. 

It's incredibly stressful and honestly embarrassing especially that it's gone on this long, and I absolutely would never rehome her unless I literally could not take care of her anymore financially and/or physically but I'm running out of solutions. There doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason-- she'll have a perfectly clean fresh litter box and then just walk in our room, poop by the XBox, twitch her tail a couple of times, and leave. No texture preference either-- brick, carpet, and our regular plastic flooring are all vulnerable to her ass. She's a very large cat, especially since she's not adult age yet, and she poops at least two or three times per day and her stool is huge. 

If anyone has any advice/ideas please let me know!!"
659,CatAdvice,Resident cat following new cat but runs away,[removed]
660,CatAdvice,New cat is starting to become naughty,Hello! I just got my first cat for 2 weeks now. I noticed that he's starting to become more playful and very aggressive. He would steal food on the kitchen table and scratching and biting when being carried. He's 5 months old and I'm not sure how to train him properly.
661,CatAdvice,Please give me advice on how to switch my cats from free-feeding to meal times.,"I have 3 cats: one 16, one 13, and one 4. After getting my latest Cat (4 y/o) I have only offered him food in mornings and evenings and noticed he eats all of it. I also noticed that I generally don’t pay a ton of attention to how much my cats eat, my cats are old and generally any food they intake is good in my opinion. But I am now realizing the importance of providing meal times and I just need help getting started. The portion examples on the packaging of foods seem like SO MUCH and I don’t ever think my 16 year old cat would eat anything close to it (he is 15.4lbs, a rag doll) in a day, I don’t even think my 4 year old will! Any advice is helpful because I feel so overwhelmed with trying to take this info in and I also feel like I’ve failed my cats😭"
662,CatAdvice,Two cats suddenly refusing wet food,"I have two cats who feed both dry and wet food. Until two days ago, they have been enthusiastically eating tiki wet food pate. But since then, they’ve cold turkey refused to eat the wet food. Ive opened a new packet of 12 cans and i wonder if these pack of 12 smell differently then previous ones??? I opened another can from the same pack and same thing. They sniff the food and walk away. Any idea why this may be happening? I dont think it is illness because they are still enthusiastic about dry food and it’s weird that they both at the same time decided to hate this wet food. I’m so confused."
663,CatAdvice,Kitten still skittish after 2 months,"I’m here for advice because I want to help her! I don’t have much background on where she came from but I can say she likely was not socialized properly.

Miss Maisie is 4 months old and I can tell she wants to be loved ! She will play with her ribbon toy, she will eat food out of my hand. I’ve lured her up super close to my face to where she was standing on me with a treat. She is not afraid to be around generally. She comes in the couch if I’m sitting up there, she sleeps on the couch or in the cat tree. Sometimes in the kitchen she doesn’t even run if I walk past her. She even sleeps on my legs sometimes, or I’ll feel her walking up my back while I’m laying down “asleep”. She gets close and sniffs but quickly darts away. 

It’s like she just has really bad anxiety. I do handle her quite often and whenever I have people over they like to play with her. My boyfriend handles her as well. Sometimes I approach her on the cat tree and let her sniff me and give her a little pet. Sometimes she hisses but she’s not aggressive- she’s never bitten or scratched me. Her ears are never back either. The fact that she will eat from my hands - which I take advantage of- makes me believe she kinda trusts me at least a little? As bad as it is I give her whipped cream when I have it, in exchange I pet her while she eats it.

I brought a pheromone diffuser , I think she seems a LITTLE less skittish but it’s also only been 5 days. What else can I be doing? I can’t tell if I should handle her more or handle her less. I’ve never had a kitten this skittish before"
664,CatAdvice,Kitten diarrhea—when should I start worrying?,[removed]
665,CatAdvice,Kitten with Diarrhea,[removed]
666,CatAdvice,Just discovered a trick that has my cat drinking more water,[removed]
667,CatAdvice,Rehoming cat guilt,[removed]
668,CatAdvice,Male cat getting too muscular,[removed]
669,CatAdvice,Stop cat from hitting hanging lights,[removed]
670,CatAdvice,Looking for Advice Regarding Feeders and/or Food for Cat with IBD,"Our cat, Bella, has been diagnosed with IBD, and it has been a *battle* trying to figure everything out. Our biggest problem is the food access -- we have five other cats (it's a litter we saved years ago when I was a child) that have *always* been free feeders. These five are, at this point, technically seniors and the last thing we want is to change what they're use to, but we know Bella *cannot* have the dry food they are use to. I was wondering if anyone knew of a feeder that can lock *one* particular cat out, but remain open for the rest?   


I'm also needing recommendations regarding her food itself -- they gave us Purina EN, and that was working fine... but Bella has always been extremely picky, and has decided to turn her nose up to it after having eaten it for a few days (she did this with other can foods we'd been supplementing her with before her diagnoses, it's like she wants different flavors?). Are there other brands like EN? Could we rotate them and the EN so maybe she won't get bored and refuse to eat?"
671,CatAdvice,My cat is a shit sometimes,[removed]
672,CatAdvice,Extreme play aggression from 4-month old kitten. I’ve tried everything. Advice?,[removed]
673,CatAdvice,Two year old cat rubbed himself for the first time yesterday on my dog’s urine. Attacking dog today for the first time.,[removed]
674,CatAdvice,My cat started biting my other cat hard for no reason after 3 years spent together,"See title. I mean, they used to fight too, and bite but playing nice, sometimes a little bit rougher, but this time is went further. 
We thought Selma (3yo) was bitten by a cat from the neighborhood since we just moved in a month ago, so she was treated and stay at home with my other cat Scott (4yo) for a few days.

Except today I noticed another big bite. So it must be Scott. I don't get it. 

Selma's at the vet for the night, but I'm afraid of what this would mean if he keeps on attacking her like that. I can't accept the idea that I should separate them/give one of them if he attacks her this badly often in the future. I'm so sad and lost."
675,CatAdvice,Are there any snacks I can feed my kidney failure cat?,[removed]
676,CatAdvice,My cat has attacked each of my roommates at least once.,[removed]
677,CatAdvice,Is it ok to take the my cat's food bowl out of my room during night time?,[removed]
678,CatAdvice,Drug to counter aggression,[removed]
679,CatAdvice,What wet food do you feed your cats?,Just curious to see what wet food your cats eat (if any).
680,CatAdvice,Cat always stepping in &amp; tracking poop,[removed]
681,CatAdvice,Cat started peeing outside the litter box (medically all clear according to vet),"Our two cats are 1,5y, f and m. My girl always voiced her disapproval by peeing, but very rarely (maybe 3 times since we got them a year ago) and it was always very clear what the reason was (she peed on clothes that smelled like a different cat that lay on the floor for some time for example). 

So roughly two weeks ago, she suddenly started peeing into the corridor and the bathroom in three different spots. We went to the vet, medically she is fine. I'm trying to figure out what the problem is, but I'm struggling here, so maybe someone has some ideas. 

So what I've already figured out/ruled out: 

Changes: My schedule changed and I'm home a bit less. My SO is home the same amount of time as before, and the cats schedule didn't change (same feeding and play times). Also, I disconnected their water fountain and switched it temporarily to a simple bowl (because the cats didn't use it and I was planning on trying a different one. Extra problem, the water pump started to be super loud and annoying after a year). But could that really be why she pees outside the box? Two to three times a day? And if so, what can I do to stop it?

What I'm already doing right: the two cats have three litter boxes that get cleaned two to three times a day. They don't have a lid or lining and are placed both in social and a bit more quiet areas throughout the house (living room, bathroom and by the entrance), also no litter changes. The pee spots get cleaned with enzyme cleaners every time after the cat pees there. We play with wand toys three times a day for ~15-20 mins each, we have regular feeding times. The cats have toys they can play play themselves, cat trees, window spots, and get lots of attention and love. There is no tension between the cats, they play with each other and all seems fine. We had a feliway diffuser before when we they came to us but stopped using it shortly after, we bought a new one two days ago, but it didn't change anything yet.

Any help would be greatly appreciated!"
682,CatAdvice,I'd appreciate experienced opinions for My Cat's Lung X-Rays,[removed]
683,CatAdvice,Cat hisses at guests now but was fine with them as kitten. mostly moving hands?,[removed]
684,CatAdvice,Cat has pancreatitis.,"Already took my poor baby to the vet twice for fluids, pain medication, appetite stimulant, and a shot of antibiotics. He's got a fever, and is sleeping alone.  But he still won't eat (it's been four days now). Any advice on what I should offer him? If it goes on much longer am looking at having him hospitalized, but vets in the SF area are expensive. If anyone has any advice it be much appreciated."
685,CatAdvice,7mo male cat aggressively forcing me to give him affection,[removed]
686,CatAdvice,Quick help,[removed]
687,CatAdvice,Hurts to see cat show affection to others,[removed]
688,CatAdvice,Need advice for dealing with 2 cats i rescued from the shelter.,[removed]
689,CatAdvice,Need advice ASAP,
690,CatAdvice,Advice on making sure first apartment is cat friendly,[removed]
691,CatAdvice,Is it normal for older cat to assert a lot of dominance around new kitten after 3 month introductions?,[removed]
692,CatAdvice,Should i buy the fancy cat litter for my friends cats i am sitting?,[removed]
693,CatAdvice,"Rescue gave me a very scared cat to foster, need advice",[removed]
694,CatAdvice,How to stop cat from biting on wires?,"My cat keeps biting on my PC wires and she doesn’t stop. While the wires are reinforced with Teflon, it still irritates me that she goes back to my setup to bite them. How can i stop this?"
695,CatAdvice,"Cat not eating, not moving, and pissing himself",[removed]
696,CatAdvice,ringworm,[removed]
697,CatAdvice,What's the best way to check if allergic to a particular cat? (Before bringing one home!),[removed]
698,CatAdvice,How do I get a clingy cat to separate,"My cat is very clingy and it’s driving me insane, she is constantly on me and meowing and licking and kneading and she is next to me 24/7"
699,CatAdvice,How to train kittens to sleep at night?,"I am aware cats are night creatures, however... my neighbors don't know. And also don't care. And thus it's for me to ""fix"" the problem before I get kicked out...

Short story long, I've adopted 2 kittens - they are 14 weeks old now. They are very kind, playful, and cute. They sleep the entire day but they have this thing where they get crazy active around 1-2 AM.

They look like ""posseted"" creatures. They hit everything, jump from all over the place and run like crazy. Initially I thought I can get them tired, but they can keep at it over 1 hour...  They mostly chase each other, but even if just one of them feels like this, he's doing it all by himself. And it's terrible for my neighbours.

Currently, what I do is when they get active, I close them in the smallest room - the bathroom. They miau for 5 minutes, hit the door... but eventually they go to sleep. However, I feel bad to do this.

I've tried feeding them earlier (last meal at 19-20). I tried feeding them late (last meal at 23). I tried playing with them for over 1h with all sorts of toys - around 9PM. It's great, at 10 they go to sleep, wake up an 2AM and go crazy again.

I tried keeping them awake during the day, but... I still have to work. Every time I stop giving them attention, they just go to sleep.   


Usually I try to hit the bed around 11 - where I stay 1h longer reading. Sometimes they come sleep with me, sometimes they don't...

Note: They also have a small window of crazy activity in the morning, around 8. But it ends after I feed them (usually at 8:30) - they just go to sleep after.

Is it bad to lock them out, every night, hoping they just go to sleep and in time adjust their schedule? What else can I do?"
700,CatAdvice,How to train an outdoor cat to come in at night?,"Family member only wants an outdoor cat, will not get one if it’s indoor. I hate the idea because it’s not as safe for the cats, but figure an imperfect home is better than being at a shelter.

They live in a rural area so predators are a potential issue but cars less so. They have a place for the cats to go at night, with bedding and food and litter. How to train the  cats to associate that area as home? Is it better for them to get kittens or an adult cat? Any advice for keeping their cats safe? They will listen to advice but I only have indoor cats and they have flat out said no indoor cats"
701,CatAdvice,Cat has all of a sudden started peeing on my toddlers play mat and toys,"

I have an 14 year old cat who’s all of a sudden started deficating and urinating only on my toddler sons playmat and toys which is in the living room 

This started in Monday maybe, the only thing that’s changed is we removed the playpen which surrounded it and got rid of the cabinet next to it as my son has learned to climb 

She does it in front of us and the runs off, she still uses her litter box once or twice a day 

We took her to to vets but they couldn’t get her a blood test as she got distressed so taking her back next week 

We’ve been soaking the area in simple solution cat stain remover I’m at my wits end I don’t know what to do 

I don’t have the hands spare to clean it up without my child getting in it, I can’t do this everyday. It’s becoming such a problem,

Her litter is in cellar which she can get too as she also has her food in there, this is the only place we can really put it which stops the baby getting to it

Is there anything else we can try whilst waiting for the vet appointment to see if there’s a medical issue"
702,CatAdvice,does my kitty understand that I protected her,[removed]
703,CatAdvice,Cat starts squinting for seemingly no reason at random intervals,[removed]
704,CatAdvice,Cosequin for senior cat,[removed]
705,CatAdvice,UPDATE- neglected and abused cat,[removed]
706,CatAdvice,Feeling torn up about potentially having to put our cat down,[removed]
707,CatAdvice,"UPDATE- neglected, abused cat",[removed]
708,CatAdvice,UPDATE,[removed]
709,CatAdvice,good water fountain?,"anyone have suggestions for a good water fountain for my kitties? they love to drink from the faucets, but i worry they won't get enough water if i'm not around to turn it on (they do get wet food so they do still get moisture). but a lot of fountains have bad reviews about the pump dying quickly or filters getting scummy and moldy, so i'm not sure what to go with."
710,CatAdvice,Rash/bald spot on cat's head?,[removed]
711,CatAdvice,My cat keeps scratching her ears - advice needed,[removed]
712,CatAdvice,New cat won’t stop running/meowing,"I got a new cat yesterday. He isn’t scared at all he’s super loving and playful but when I’m not playing with him or he’s sleeping he runs back and forth in the apartment and meowing. The running doesn’t bother me at all but I think the meowing is bothering my roommate. Any ideas why he won’t stop meowing? He’s 7 months old, fixed, on the same food as the shelter, uses his litter box no problem"
713,CatAdvice,My cat bites me really hard even during play?,[removed]
714,CatAdvice,Why has my cat suddenly become very clingy?,[removed]
715,CatAdvice,Can Older Cats Get Along With Kittens?,[removed]
716,CatAdvice,Kitten meowing all night.,I got this kitten from my parents. Born from my childhood cat and another random cat in the neighborhood. Anyways he sits at my door and meows for hours. He also keeps getting on my head and waking me up from clawing my scalp also biting my earlobe. We have another cat that he hasn’t formally met and get along with. The adult cat hisses and growls. Meanwhile my kitten just charges her then they scream at the top of their lungs. Any advice to get them to meet. How do I prevent my cat from meowing all night to let him out… I never open the door or get him what he wants anymore because he would do it more. Also how do I keep him off my tv stand/table… He keeps knocking my tv over.
717,CatAdvice,My kitten won't stop peeing outside the litter box,[removed]
718,CatAdvice,Trying to make semi-feral cats more trusting/loving,[removed]
719,CatAdvice,is it cruel to raise a cat in a 20m studio apartment?,[removed]
720,CatAdvice,My car loves my phone charger…but only at night?,"Currently writing this at 5 am because my girl recently seemingly out of no where as developed a love of playing with cords. but not just any cords, my phone charger. however, the weird thing is, she only really wants to play with it at night. she’ll jump onto my bed at random points while i’m dead asleep and claw and naw at the cord. i’m not sure what to do. the charger is like right next to my head when i have my phone plugged in so she basically jumps on my face which obviously wakes me up. i’ve tried plugging in the charger behind my bed so she can’t see or have access to the entire cord. no use, she will still come up and seemingly dig for the charger. i know this isn’t like the worst thing ever. but it is very inconvenient because i haven’t been able to sleep very well because she jumps onto me as i sleep, i can hear her right next to my head clawing for the cord and eventually nawing, and ofc i’m worried she’ll eat a part of the cord that could be dangerous so i can’t allow myself to fall into a deep sleep. i’m sure she’s partly doing this all for attention, which is obviously lacking since i’m sleeping, because she has never exhibited this behavior before. Any advice? how do i make sure she’s occupied while also making sure my charger doesn’t get chewed up and stop working?"
721,CatAdvice,Should I let my kitten hide somewhere inaccessible?,[removed]
722,CatAdvice,Can I re-bond with my cat,
723,CatAdvice,Keeping a ferrel cat warm with technology,[removed]
724,CatAdvice,Cat shelves - can normal shelves be used and how?,[removed]
725,CatAdvice,"Cat keeps biting me, can someone help?",It’s not hard or mean but it does leave marks. Sometimes when I try to pet him be grabs onto my hand and gives me a little bite and kicks my arm with his legs. Am I doing something wrong?
726,CatAdvice,Kitten loves destroying palm plant,[removed]
727,CatAdvice,My cat gets very vocal and aggressive when neading,Just randomly like about a week ago this started happening not really sure what happened not sure if it’s bad either just a random different behavior … anyone else cat do this???
728,CatAdvice,"I bought Tofu Cat Litter, but it's mixed with Bentonite Clay","So a shop I used to buy pretty cheap and affordable Tofu Cat Litter shop closed down and I needed to search up another shop that sold the same brand.

(The brand of cat Litter I use is this Korean brand, so I can't really type out its name.)

So I went ahead, found a shop, selling the same brand and all and bought 7 bags and to my disdain, they were mixed with Bentonite Clay.

The reason why I love using Tofu Cat Litter is because its flush able and all. There's stricter trash segregation laws in where I live, and sometimes, garbage trucks don't come for literal months to get our trash. Tofu Cat Litter is appealing to me because of how easy to clean it is.

I went back to the shop, and well turns out, the shop does in fact state that they do mix the cat litter with bentonite clay. 89% is Tofu Cat Litter and 11% is Bentonite (or so the product says). I simply just didn't pay attention, since I was more focused on searching for the same brand I liked. 

It's on me and I'll take the L on that one. But I'm still uncomfortable of using the cat litter, especially in the idea of flushing down bentonite down the toilet.

I guess I'm just asking for advice on what should I do?"
729,CatAdvice,2 month and 6 month cat,Will a 2 and 6 month cat get along easily?  I have the 2 and want to foster so it has a friend.  It’s the closest age I could get
730,CatAdvice,Help! *Cat flea*,[removed]
731,CatAdvice,Advice,How can I get my cat to stop eating and getting into stuff he shouldn’t be eating
732,CatAdvice,My Kitten Seems to Be Avoiding Me,"Ever since yesterday my kitten (8 weeks) has been avoiding me. One of my cousin's kitten came over to our house, which is funny because both of our cats happen to be siblings. They didn't quite get along so well and mine got quite aggressive and started attacking her after their cat hissed at mine. My cat noticed I let her play with his toys and held her and he got super jealous and now he's been avoiding me. He's fine with everybody else in my house but me. He doesn't want to play with me, he doesn't make eye contact with me anymore and doesn't want to be in my arms either. However, with the rest of my family members, he's been very friendly with them. 

I don't know what to do and don't know how to make him stop acting like this. I gave him treats but the second he's done, he still gives me sass haha."
733,CatAdvice,When is too soon to go on a holiday after adopting a cat?,[removed]
734,CatAdvice,Planning to foster kittens…hopefully?,[removed]
735,CatAdvice,Cat scab any advice? Will pst pic in comments.,[removed]
736,CatAdvice,Kitty sisters growling and hissing at each other in new environment,"My cats are litter mates and I adopted them together 10 years ago. They have been best of friends their entire lives. Inevitably if one comes back from the vet smelling a bit funny there is some hissing but they sleep together and play together and seem to genuinely love each other. 

In the past I’ve traveled with them to visit my parents in a different state. It’s a long drive but they don’t seem to mind it too much and on previous visits they were a bit stressed upon arrival to my parents house (they had 2 cats and 2 dogs) but after some time would venture out of my room and my parents pets would come into my room. They never liked my parents pets but they seemed to tolerate one another without too much fuss. 

This year my parents have moved to a smaller house and adopted a new and much bolder car than their other two. While my cats are isolated in their own room with me, they are constantly growling and hissing at each other and even fighting. I hate to see them this uncomfortable without even each other to lean on so to speak. It’s late now but I’m planning on buying feliway tomorrow but unfortunately won’t be able to keep them separated because the new house is too small. Is there anything else I can do to help them feel safe and loved and not scared of each other?"
737,CatAdvice,Wrong household for growing cat,"We have a 5 month old family cat that my brother brought home a month ago (funded by our parents and me), and so he refers to her as “his cat.” He accepted full responsibility beforehand since he really wanted a cat.

I have a problem with how he takes care of his cat. She gets food and water on somewhat of a schedule, and receives lots of cuddles (when she is open to receiving them). However, my brother never plays with “his cat” and she has destroyed a few household objects because of the lack of activity.

She also jumps and scratches and so if she isn’t distracted by play then she is with him in his room while he is on his laptop or phone. 

She meows and paws at the door a lot but he claims it’s just for “attention” and she doesn’t need nearly as much physical activity as I “think she does” even though I’ve done research and spoke with two animal behaviorists on this subject and he’s admitted to doing “no research,” but he still knows “better than” me.

The rest of the household plays with the cat when we can, but one member has an IDD and is scared of the cat because my brother doesn’t “believe in training” and won’t do anything for when she jumps on people except 1) tell the person she is jumping on that it’s not a big deal and 2) take her back to his room and do nothing to help her get her energy out.

I feel so fucking bad for this cat and Idk what to do. Whenever I tell him this has to change he doesn’t see a problem with it. What’s the point of a family pet if the family can’t even enjoy the pet and vice versa?"
738,CatAdvice,Revolution plus on kittens questions.,[removed]
739,CatAdvice,After surgery….,[removed]
740,CatAdvice,Lilies gifted in Thanksgiving centerpiece bouquet… what to do.,"
TLDR: can a bouquet with lilies in it be on the table at dinner and then put away, with a cat in the house? Google is giving me mixed results. 

I have a cat and was gifted a thanksgiving bouquet centerpiece for dinner tomorrow as it’s hosted at my house. I looked at the bouquet and it’s full of lilies- tiger and natal. I know how poisonous they are to cats and have actively avoided them. The bouquet is now locked away in a room. He hasn’t touched it or gone near it. 

Is it safe to put the bouquet on the table tomorrow for dinner and then return it to the locked room? I have been reading mixed statements on google about exposure type/time and the correlation between poisoning. I will obviously get rid of the bouquet all together if it is deemed unsafe to have out on the table for a few hours- but want to try to be courteous as the people that gifted it to me will be at dinner."
741,CatAdvice,New to Cats: Ignorantly thought I could leave my kitten home alone for 5 days for the holidays.,"Need some advice: I left at 12pm cst today for a 3 hour drive to my hometown and was planning on coming back sunday evening. I am assuming that is a very bad idea and I cannot let this happen even once? Should I drive back home on friday? I was having a friends giving on sunday with people I have seen in a year.

There is no one that can drop in and see her and I do know she has plenty of food and water for those days.

Please let me know your suggestions."
742,CatAdvice,How can I get my kitten to use the litterbox?,[removed]
743,CatAdvice,How much should I feed my cat?,"He just turned one on 11/7 and is currently 15.8 lbs. He is a big cat but he is not obese (he is pretty lean and long). I’ve taken him to the vet and they said he is healthy. I used to feed him wet food 2x a day and free feed him dry food but since he is now an adult I’m supposed to cut back on his food. Currently, I am giving him Sheba wet food 1 serving x3 a day and about 1/4 cup of dry food (although he only eats about half of his dry food most days. I forgot to ask my vet for advice on feeding, so here I am on reddit."
744,CatAdvice,Kitten shivering and skinny,[removed]
745,CatAdvice,Are some cats happier as loners?,[removed]
746,CatAdvice,I'm worried about my cat,[removed]
747,CatAdvice,Cat babysitting,"Hello everyone, I am babysitting a kitten for a friend. I have isolated him in my room and left the door slightly ajar when rushing to get a package. I came back relatively quick but found all 3 kitties hissing, growling, and aggressive with each other. I immediately separated them, however my two resident cats have been growling and hissing at each other since the afternoon. How can I mend their relationship? This baby will be going home in 72 hours but I just wanted to hear some opinions. Thank you"
748,CatAdvice,Could this be why she’s meowing?,[removed]
749,CatAdvice,Transporting cats on a 3.5 hr drive to move to a new place???,"Best way to make them comfortable? I have 2 cats and 2 carriers but I feel the carriers are a little small for such a long drive. It's fine when they go to the vet who is close. One cat is 14lbs the other is 20, we have the largest cat carriers we could find. Do they need to potty or have food/water for a long drive? Or will they be too stressed to do any of that? The very large cat can scream very loud for 5 hrs straight, no breaks (his record thus far and he starts screaming as soon as he gets in carrier and it's closed). How do the people in the car, especially the driver keep sane and calm with screaming cat? 

And then when we get to the new place how to help cats adjust to new home?? The screamer likes to mark his territory with pee despite being neutered, I would prefer him not to pee everywhere."
750,CatAdvice,How to motivate a cat to play?,[removed]
751,CatAdvice,How to protect automatic feeder from desperate cat,[removed]
752,CatAdvice,Are there any non-prescription dry cat foods for urinary crystals?,[removed]
753,CatAdvice,Cat litter,"I’ve been a cat owner for 4 years and now I have 5 cats. I’ve tried your traditional clay cat litter which has never been ideal due to tracking, pine pellets, paper pellets (🤢), and now I’ve been using oko cat litter pellets, which has been the best thing I’ve found but at $32 a bag, it’s expensive and if there’s anything better for maybe a little less, I’m all ears. What’s your cat litter system?"
754,CatAdvice,introduced new cat to 3 residents a few weeks ago... everything's gone great but as of yesterday the new cat and 1 of the 3 do NOT get along?,"I'm so confused. It took new kitty (Gus) a while to get comfortable, but it's now been a few weeks of them all mingling successfully without supervision needed! I have Gus and another boy, and they get along, they've started playing and everything, they also eat dinner side by side everyday. My roommate has two cats as well. 



Gus is a larger guy compared to two and the one he doesn't suddenly get along with (Soup) is definitely the biggest. Gus would still be on edge for a while while walking by Soup and would hiss and maybe swat if Soup got too close but that was it. 


Yesterday all of a sudden a cat fight broke out between the two while I was out of the house. My roommate described it to be pretty scary, and both of them were going toward one another... so we decided to keep Gus isolated in my room for the night, and just today I decided to let Gus out to see how it would go... and yes, the two went to fight again. I initially grabbed gus who was trying to get out of my arms and run away while Soup was climbing up me to attack. I then grabbed Soup who mauled up my arm while Gus ran away. 



I'm at a loss and I'm panicked. Rehoming isn't an option, and me and my roommate likely won't be living together much longer since I may be moving out of town. 



Does anyone had advice or any reasoning why this suddenly happened?"
755,CatAdvice,introducing a shy cat to a large dog,[removed]
756,CatAdvice,Cats don't get along...and never have.,[removed]
757,CatAdvice,Tips for introducing cats with limited space,[removed]
758,CatAdvice,"Friend's cat has turned suddenly aggressive toward her 8 month old kitten, not sure what to do.",[removed]
759,CatAdvice,Inherited cat is making me miserable,[removed]
760,CatAdvice,Cat play dates to keep cat socialized?,"I am cat sitting my neighbors cats for the rest of the year, my neighbor suggested I move in to her house and bring my cat since she knows my living space is kind of toxic. 

I have my cat currently over at my house and just go over to spend time with the other cats and feed them, since I’m worried to freak my cat out by moving her over there.

I have seen kitten play dates are a bad idea on here, I’m worried about the potential of her getting used to the new house then after this month moving back here to our house where her space would be reduced to one floor instead of three.

The plot also gets even more complicated when one of the cats I’m taking care of over there is one my neighbor is contemplating rehoming to me when I move out within the next year. So that would mean my cat would have to get used to and test it out to see if she likes him. But I don’t know if I should stress her out for such a short term thing, and I don’t plan to as of now. Just wondering if moving over there and getting her involved sounds like a good move. 


TLDR: Advice is welcomed. Cat sitting cats, one of whom I am potentially adopting. The plan right now is check in on the other kitties twice a day w feedings litter the whole nine yards, then come home to my kitty. Wondering if anyone ever brought their cats short term to somewhere else and had it work out well."
761,CatAdvice,first time travelling with kitten,"hi! i have a 3 month old kitten who has been with me for a month now and he is the first pet i’ve ever owned. i just want some advice about bringing him to my parents house over Christmas. 

he’s gotten so comfortable with me and my bf in such a short amount of time; he is confidently roaming our apartment and is very playful. it only took about a week for him to be ready to leave his safe room. even so, he’s still very cautious of everything and everyone, and seems very antisocial. he’s still not fully comfortable around our flatmate yet and when we had 2 of our friends friends over last week, he hid in his tower for 6 hours straight and refused to come out until they left. this has me worried about how he will react to travelling and staying in another house for a few days. 

i live in London and my parents house is about an hour and a half train journey away which isn’t too bad but i know he’s going to be stressed regardless. i’m afraid that when we get there, he will hide under the sofa the entire time and refuse to eat or something like that. we plan on bringing his toys, cat tree and bed with us so hopefully he will feel more at home. is there any i can further prepare for to make this whole situation easier?

ps. we will not be getting a cat sitter because no one we know is willing to take him during the Christmas period and understandably so."
762,CatAdvice,Roommate's cat is stressing out my elderly cat,"Looking for advice! My cat recently moved to a new place, and she loved it until my new roommate moved in with her cat. Now, she spends all her time side-eying him on the couch away from everybody. She stopped sleeping in my bed because the couch is the only place he doesn't pester her as much. I took her to the vet and she's mostly fine (has a bit of a cold that we're working out as well as arthritis that is being medicated), but it doesn't look like this is caused by a medical condition because whenever my roommate takes her cat away for a few days when she visits her family, she is back to normal. She is usually very social and friendly, but she seems mad at everybody when the other cat is around. When he's away, she's always purring and looking for attention.

She has my room as a safe space, but it's almost impossible to keep the other cat away. Neither of them are violent, but he won't stop coming into my room to pester her. She's angry all the time when he's around. I don't really know what to do from here. I've tried incentivizing my roommate's cat to avoid my room in various different ways, but she is just generally unhappy when he's around. My lease ends in a couple months so I can move out if it's not fixed by then, but in the meantime I need a solution. Any advice would be appreciated!"
763,CatAdvice,Considering foster failing-again,"Hello all! Glad to be around fellow cat enthusiasts. 

I have a dilemma on a potential foster fail situation and I’d like to get some perspective. 


I’ve been fostering for about a year and a half and have fostered 20 cats. Very early in our foster days, my partner and I adopted a brother and sister from a litter we were fostering. We wanted to keep the girl immediately and we kept her brother because he was nervous and needed a pal. We love them unconditionally and have no regrets whatsoever. My partner and I acknowledge we were overzealous at the time and probably should’ve given them a chance to get adopted out. Fast forward, and we have significantly more fostering experience after 20 kittens. I love my fosters, but I’ve never been that attached to them and am happy when they find their homes. 

Until we got our current fosters last weekend, Truffles and Butterscotch, a bonded pair of calico sisters. My heart exploded the moment I let them out of their carrier. They’re 6 months old, my oldest fosters so far. They are so loving, polite, cuddly, get along with my cats, and well mannered girls. They wanted to sleep under the covers with us immediately and be carried around like babies. My partner and I are *so* torn on keeping them. We fully acknowledge 4 cats is a lot of work, cleaning, more vet bills and more commitment. But we adore them in a way I haven’t felt about any of my previous fosters, including my own cats. Don’t get me wrong, I LOVE my cats. But it took me a while to feel that level of connection with them. Both my partner and I feel highly emotional at the thought of them leaving our house, and neither of us have felt that before. We both have the $ to support that many animals and we live in a situation where all cats can get space if they need it."
764,CatAdvice,The lady who found my cat refuses to give it back,[removed]
765,CatAdvice,How to keep my cat indoors for good,"Can anyone give me advice for my cat? My mom has gotten him so used to going out that he will cry non-stop until we let him out. Sometimes it gets so annoying that we have no choice but to let him out because he’ll cry all night long or early in the morning. Is there anything I can do to train him to stay inside?? I’ve considered just locking him in a room with food, water, and litter until he gets used to it but idk what to do exactly.. it’s rough especially when we have to work in the morning and he cries non stop."
766,CatAdvice,My neutered cat humps blanket on top of me.,[removed]
767,CatAdvice,Can a cat have too much water?,[removed]
768,CatAdvice,How to tell if a cat likes being held?,"my cat lets me pick her up, and she purrs and snuggles when shes being held. and she only wants to be set down when she sees something else that interests her (food, birds outside the window, etc)

But im worried about doing things she doesn't like because i cant ask her, so i have to just assume? will cats act like they like being held when they dont actually like it? I dont want to upset her"
769,CatAdvice,"Momma cat newly fixed, and is crying nonstop from being separated from babies.","Hey all! My momma cat just got fixed earlier today. The vet recommended keeping her separate from her two kittens and my other cat, in case they rough house. I've had them separated for about 3.5 and both the kittens and momma are howling at the door between them. Is it okay if I let them hang out under supervision, unless they start rough housing? My other cat takes little to no interest in her so he won't be a problem. I'm gonna keep her closed in my bedroom with me overnight and while I'm at work tomorrow either way. Thanks in advance!"
770,CatAdvice,My kitten (3-ish months) attacks me quite ferociously. How do I figure out the cause and make it stop?,[removed]
771,CatAdvice,Found a kitten,[removed]
772,CatAdvice,Moving / Long Car ride,[removed]
773,CatAdvice,Rudycats Maine Coon Breeder UK,This breeder has been exposed for her cruelty and neglect. She’s still actively taking deposits then not answering buyers. She’s a LTD company and will likely fold and start a new one. She’s linked to Wildblue Cattery. https://rudyexposed.com
774,CatAdvice,Suggestions for a large cat tree,"Hi! I have an 18 lb, 1 year old, Siberian. I feel bad that he doesn’t fit in any of the beds on any of our cat trees. Does anyone else have a large cat tree that they would recommend for a larger cat?"
775,CatAdvice,Best cat stroller?,"I want to take my 15 pound boy for walks, so am looking for a stroller for Black Friday.  Ideally it’d be something with a lot of screening rather than fabric so that I can keep it zipped up but he can still see everything in front of him at least (rather than the designs I’m mostly seeing that look like they’d have to stand up to see out.

Bonus points if it can convert to a car carrier.  Comfort is a must."
776,CatAdvice,Is he attacking me or playing,"I got a cat about a week ago and he is about 3 months old. When I try to pet him he let's me then after like 6 pets he attacks me, it doesn't hurt but he does it a lot, is it just cause is young? 
https://imgur.com/a/bjhjLf6
He is a video of him"
777,CatAdvice,New kitten stressing out my older cats,"Hi everyone, I'm new here so sorry if I miss something!
My partner and I have two beautiful cats (7yo Persian/Ragdoll male and 3yo Persian female). We recently adopted a British Shorthair kitten (3.5 months-ish male) and he is very excited and active, as kittens are..

The 7yo is fine with him but sometimes loses his patience. The 3yo, however, is very stressed by the kitten. She hasn't been nice to him once. She hisses and growls at him if she sees him nearby and bats him if he dares to get too close. I know this stuff is normal, but he's been home over a month with no improvement.

This evening I was trying to remove some of her matted fur and she got very aggressive with me. She also seems to have some balding spots on the side of her belly (possibly over grooming, or maybe from matting?) she often gets matts but it's never been this alarming. She's also losing her voice from hissing so much.

We have feliway friends plugins but they don't seem to be helping. I absolutely adore my little Persian, she's always been feisty and a little distant, but now she seems VERY stressed and aggressive with everyone, not just the kitten.

The kitten has a special room he's been confined to since he came home so they have their own 'safe spaces' but I'm worried my little Persian is going to end up in a bad way from the stress.

Any advice is greatly appreciated"
778,CatAdvice,Recommendations for cat sitting insurance (UK),"Hello

I am a UK-based cat sitter (recently registered on Cat in Flat) and have been building up a steady client base in my local area. The platform I use comes with some guarantees and everything has been okay so far but I have been thinking I should get my own insurance to cover any eventualities.

A quick google seems to offer quite few options but reviews are mixed. Does anyone have any direct experience of arranging pet sitting insurance and does anyone have any recommendations for insurance companies I should consider?

Thanks in advance"
779,CatAdvice,Cat sitter insurance recommendations (UK),"Hello

I am a UK-based cat sitter (recently registered on Cat in Flat) and have been building up a steady client base in my local area. The platform I use comes with some guarantees and everything has been okay so far but I have been thinking I should get my own insurance to cover any eventualities.

A quick google seems to offer quite few options but reviews are mixed. Does anyone have any direct experience of arranging pet sitting insurance and does anyone have any recommendations for insurance companies I should consider?

Thanks in advance"
780,CatAdvice,Converting outdoor kitten to indoors (suddenly hiding under car in garage),[removed]
781,CatAdvice,Should my cats travel with me??,"so I have 2 cats, ages 1 and 2. I’m going back home for christmas for 2 weeks and i’ve never left them alone before. I have a cat sitter lined up who would check on them once a day, but i think i would feel better if they just came with me instead, im already bringing my dogs and i would have a room they could stay in. it’s about a 22 hour drive, i just don’t want to stress them out. my cats are very attached to me and i don’t know how they would do without me for 2 weeks."
782,CatAdvice,Friendly brothers started fighting - need help,"I have two cats. They are littermates and I've had them for two years. Until four days ago they were good friends, always playing and caring for each other. They always slept together and never seemed to mind sharing their resources (we have plenty of food and water resources around the house and 3 litterboxes). They are both neutered. 

Four days ago they suddenly got into a nasty fight. They were both sleeping in our bed and out of the blue we started hearing yeowling and hissing. The smaller one hid and there were drops of urine and bits of fur on the floor. After this I separated them, and kept them in different rooms, each with water, food and litterboxes. 

One day later I tried to unite them again. They were fine for 20 minutes, and then started fighting again. 

Now I've been keeping them separated for 3 days. They are chill with me and my partner, they just dont like being stuck in rooms, without being able to roam around the house. One of the rooms has a glass door, so I can have them both looking at eachother without touching - however, I have been doing this for short periods of time since when they see eachother they freak out and stare, with raised hairs. Both seem agressive towards one another. 

Last time I did this (today), the smaller one hid, and has been hiding inside the glass door room ever since. 

I have bought a Feliway diffuser, but so far no results. They have been seen by a vet, that said it seemed a comportamental issue and suggested medicating one of them (the initial agressor). 

Any advice ? It is being very hard to deal with this situation and I feel I'm not helping them."
783,CatAdvice,I'm not sure what to do,[removed]
784,CatAdvice,Cat going feral randomly,[removed]
785,CatAdvice,We need to leave our cat with someone for a month but we're not sure what option is the best one (or the lesser evil),"1st option: the house of the parents of my girlfriend. It's on the field, near a forest, so chances of escaping are high. She's climbed to trees before, but the parents of my girlfriend won't be able to climb after her. Also now there are 2 new dogs that she doesn't know. She will have the whole house for her and will be able to sleep wherever she wants.

2nd option: a room in the house of a friend. This friend has another cat and 2 dogs. Our cat has leucemia (no symptoms though), so she won't be able to mingle with the other cat, which is why she'd be in a room. We're not sure if the friend's cat has the vaccine for leucemia but we're offering to pay it, just in the event that she escapes that room (she will 100% escape at least twice). The good thing is that ""escaping"" here doesn't mean that she will be out in the forest.

3rd option: not a lot. Pet hotels are either too expensive or they keep the animals in cages, which would be worse than option 2.

I feel like option 1 would be more ""physically"" endangering while option 2 would be more ""emotional"" or stressing (but I guess being out in the wild would be stressing too). I think option 2 is ""objectively"" safer but I'm not sure. What do you think?"
786,CatAdvice,Just neutered my 7 months old kitten and now he is scared and just keeps on hiding…,[removed]
787,CatAdvice,What to do 7month kitten and 2.5yr cat,"Hello. My girlfriend and I recently (month ago) adopted two cats from the local shelter. One (7month male) and the other (2.5 yr female). Both fixed and such. 

Does anyone have any suggestions - I am feeling a bit like we made a mistake not getting either *just* the 2.5 yr old or not getting the 7mo along with another kitten from his litter. 

He is very active and curious. He wants to play anytime he isn’t sleeping. She enjoys laying low all day long and can sit in front of the window for hours on end. She isn’t really interested in play time (maybe about 10 min max (if that) a day). Obviously this isn’t the best mix. He walks around sadly meowing sometimes like he really wants a friend. I work from home so I can give him a bit of attention but I really feel like he needs a friend around his age with similar energy. 

We cannot get a third cat at our apartment (2 max). Also, we don’t know her history - the shelter didn’t have much info to share. (Don’t know if she was someone’s house pet that they gave up or what). He and his liter were found in a trash can and spent the first 6 months at the shelter. 

At first she was very scared of him. Hissing and running and hiding anytime he got near. (We had them meet at the shelter and that didn’t happen there). Over the course of the last month that has improved and it isn’t as often. However he tries to play with her and it truly seems like she just doesn’t understand what play is. We thought they were finally playing together the other day but once the wrestling stopped it was clear she did not know that it was play (she was extremely shaken and anxious for ~20 min after). 

I guess I’m not sure what to do. Perhaps she needs to be in a home where she is the only cat. She’s not very affectionate towards humans either. But I don’t know if that’s in part because the kitten is always around. I know it’s likely he will start to mellow a bit over the next year - but am I depriving him of something by not having a real friend? And is it not fair to her for having to deal with him and be so anxious? Maybe enough time hasn’t passed and they will become friends.. but I’m worried they won’t as their attitudes/energies are quite different."
788,CatAdvice,Are the plastic/soft tipped brushes good for a short haired kitten?,[removed]
789,CatAdvice,kitten stuck in the hvac,8 week old kitten got stuck in the hvac because it was scared.we just got him today. he’s been in the for about two hours what should i do?
790,CatAdvice,is there any way to stop my new cat trying to assert dominance over my resident cat?,[removed]
791,CatAdvice,My cat attacked the pet sitter's cat. Does this mean I should never get another cat?,[removed]
792,CatAdvice,Cat got spayed- hates cone and recovery suit. Plz help,[removed]
793,CatAdvice,can adult cat food stunt growth?,[removed]
794,CatAdvice,Best furry friend for an anxious cat?,[removed]
795,CatAdvice,My cat bites people's legs?,[removed]
796,CatAdvice,Best Kitten Food,"Hello! My bf and I are adding a kitten to our lives hopefully in the next few days/weeks! Checking out some shelters/rescues this weekend. We have two cats already- who I feed Weruva and occasionally Tiki Cat. The one cat sometimes eats fancy feast when he's being picky. Plus their dry food.

Now, we haven't had a kitten in about 11 years - so I guess I'm wondering what the best kitten food out there is(within reason financially)? Should I stick to the weruva/tiki cat brands or is there another kitten food you guys would reccommend? Thanks in advance."
797,CatAdvice,New cat not getting along with resident cat,[removed]
798,CatAdvice,How to add more gravy to their food?,My cat only slurps the gravy. Leaves all the meat behind. Won't touch pate food at all. I bought it in bulk and don't want to throw it. How can I make them eat the pate? Anyway to make my own gravy and add to it?
799,CatAdvice,How well do jute rugs hold up in a cat home?,[removed]
800,CatAdvice,What's the best way to check if you're allergic to a particular cat? (Before bringing one home!),[removed]
801,CatAdvice,Is it normal for a cat to just chill under the couch?,"She goes under there and just chills/sleeps. She’s eating perfectly fine, playing, chasing bugs etc. it just makes me and my bf sad cause normally she’ll come and sit on our laps/couch during the evening while we’re watching tv or whatever. 

She’s not scared or anything but we’re just curious if this means something? It’s been very hot (28/31 degrees) here the past few days so maybe that has something to do with it? 

She’s female, about 1.5 years old and a VERY active/playful cat. Very strong prey drive. Admittedly we don’t play with her as much as she’d like (at least once per day normally, but she’d play for hours if she could) but she gets so much love and attention she’s literally our life."
802,CatAdvice,Cat Eats Dog’s Food,"Hi There! 

So… Our cat likes to snack on our dog’s food. She is up 1 lb from last year, so I don’t want the trend to continue. I talked to her vet about it, and he said it’s not great for her because the nutritional balance is different. 

Our dog is a grazer, so it’s not ideal to put his food away — but that may ultimately be the easiest and best solution. 

In the meantime, I’ve been feeding our cat less of her food to hopefully balance it out. 

I even tried getting the same flavor and brand of the dog’s food in the cat version, but she wouldn’t touch it 😅

Does anyone else have this problem? Any solutions?"
803,CatAdvice,"Cat suddenly peeing all over house, need advice!",[removed]
804,CatAdvice,Unforeseen benefit to having 2 cats! A story about whisker fatigue &amp; picky eating,[removed]
805,CatAdvice,Bluetooth connected feeder and fountains,[removed]
806,CatAdvice,My kitten's eye is swollen. Help.,[removed]
807,CatAdvice,Lilies up high,[removed]
808,CatAdvice,Where to put my cat at night?,"My cat loves to be outdoors and during the day gets to be wherever he wants because there is almost always someone to open the door for him. However this is a problem at night. At some point, he starts to complain to go out. After an hour or so he comes back. He usually repeats this 2-3 times until the morning. I’ve tried several times to spare other family members from waking up from his meows by trying to get him to sleep in my bedroom at least for a few hours, but he meows deeply and sadly pretty soon.

The solution for this in the warmer months is by leaving him in the nearby shed over the night where he has food/water and a litterbox inside. I pick him up in the morning. However the nights are much colder now, it can get around 32F (0C) outside, not much warmer in the shed. I feel like it’s not right to leave him there while it’s that cold, I feel guilty that he would be freezing and having health problems afterwards. At this point I am pretty much desperate to find a solution for the winter months. 

Ps. Pet entrance is not an option"
809,CatAdvice,My cat thinks my flocked Christmas tree is a snack.,[removed]
810,CatAdvice,Introduced cat suddenly aggressive,[removed]
811,CatAdvice,New Kitten’s FeLV are Equivocal,[removed]
812,CatAdvice,Cat and I both have ringworm. Can we interact as normal during treatment?,[removed]
813,CatAdvice,New kitty advice please,[removed]
814,CatAdvice,Cat keeps scratching the carpet.,[removed]
815,CatAdvice,Should I take my cat to the vet,[removed]
816,CatAdvice,everybody in my house suddenly allergic. I’m not sure what to do.,[removed]
817,CatAdvice,Retraining a cat advice needed,[removed]
818,CatAdvice,Good treats for a cat who isn’t food motivated?,[removed]
819,CatAdvice,How to get my cat to gain weight,[removed]
820,CatAdvice,Cat still having litter box issues after over 6 months,"I've posted here multiple times before but nothing seems to work, so I'm trying to get more opinions again. 

We got our cat in March from the local shelter; she was declawed and immediately surrendered by her previous owner and has some other trauma, as well as previously being indoor/outdoor. Ever since we got her she has always pooped outside of the litter box. She'll pee in it but is really inconsistent about pooping. 

She has two litter boxes in different parts of the house that are always accessible to her and they're scooped daily. I switch out the litter every 4-6 weeks. She has a soft litter (okocat) for her paws and I put Cat Attract in it when I swap out the boxes.

We've swapped out her food for one that suits her, gone through three or four litters, got a hood for both of her boxes, took off a hood, bought a new box, put it in another location, we encourage her and give her extra affection every time we see her use the litter box, and we move her into the litter box if she looks like she's about to go.

We took her to the vet months ago, but the vet told us that she was perfectly healthy, just having behavioral problems, but to keep trying new things. 

It's incredibly stressful and honestly embarrassing especially that it's gone on this long, and I absolutely would never rehome her unless I literally could not take care of her anymore financially and/or physically but I'm running out of solutions. There doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason-- she'll have a perfectly clean fresh litter box and then just walk in our room, poop by the XBox, twitch her tail a couple of times, and leave. No texture preference either-- brick, carpet, and our regular plastic flooring are all vulnerable to her ass. She's a very large cat, especially since she's not adult age yet, and she poops at least two or three times per day and her stool is huge. 

If anyone has any advice/ideas please let me know!!"
821,CatAdvice,Resident cat following new cat but runs away,[removed]
822,CatAdvice,New cat is starting to become naughty,Hello! I just got my first cat for 2 weeks now. I noticed that he's starting to become more playful and very aggressive. He would steal food on the kitchen table and scratching and biting when being carried. He's 5 months old and I'm not sure how to train him properly.
823,CatAdvice,Please give me advice on how to switch my cats from free-feeding to meal times.,"I have 3 cats: one 16, one 13, and one 4. After getting my latest Cat (4 y/o) I have only offered him food in mornings and evenings and noticed he eats all of it. I also noticed that I generally don’t pay a ton of attention to how much my cats eat, my cats are old and generally any food they intake is good in my opinion. But I am now realizing the importance of providing meal times and I just need help getting started. The portion examples on the packaging of foods seem like SO MUCH and I don’t ever think my 16 year old cat would eat anything close to it (he is 15.4lbs, a rag doll) in a day, I don’t even think my 4 year old will! Any advice is helpful because I feel so overwhelmed with trying to take this info in and I also feel like I’ve failed my cats😭"
824,CatAdvice,Two cats suddenly refusing wet food,"I have two cats who feed both dry and wet food. Until two days ago, they have been enthusiastically eating tiki wet food pate. But since then, they’ve cold turkey refused to eat the wet food. Ive opened a new packet of 12 cans and i wonder if these pack of 12 smell differently then previous ones??? I opened another can from the same pack and same thing. They sniff the food and walk away. Any idea why this may be happening? I dont think it is illness because they are still enthusiastic about dry food and it’s weird that they both at the same time decided to hate this wet food. I’m so confused."
825,CatAdvice,Kitten still skittish after 2 months,"I’m here for advice because I want to help her! I don’t have much background on where she came from but I can say she likely was not socialized properly.

Miss Maisie is 4 months old and I can tell she wants to be loved ! She will play with her ribbon toy, she will eat food out of my hand. I’ve lured her up super close to my face to where she was standing on me with a treat. She is not afraid to be around generally. She comes in the couch if I’m sitting up there, she sleeps on the couch or in the cat tree. Sometimes in the kitchen she doesn’t even run if I walk past her. She even sleeps on my legs sometimes, or I’ll feel her walking up my back while I’m laying down “asleep”. She gets close and sniffs but quickly darts away. 

It’s like she just has really bad anxiety. I do handle her quite often and whenever I have people over they like to play with her. My boyfriend handles her as well. Sometimes I approach her on the cat tree and let her sniff me and give her a little pet. Sometimes she hisses but she’s not aggressive- she’s never bitten or scratched me. Her ears are never back either. The fact that she will eat from my hands - which I take advantage of- makes me believe she kinda trusts me at least a little? As bad as it is I give her whipped cream when I have it, in exchange I pet her while she eats it.

I brought a pheromone diffuser , I think she seems a LITTLE less skittish but it’s also only been 5 days. What else can I be doing? I can’t tell if I should handle her more or handle her less. I’ve never had a kitten this skittish before"
826,CatAdvice,Kitten diarrhea—when should I start worrying?,[removed]
827,CatAdvice,Kitten with Diarrhea,[removed]
828,CatAdvice,Just discovered a trick that has my cat drinking more water,[removed]
829,CatAdvice,Rehoming cat guilt,[removed]
830,CatAdvice,Male cat getting too muscular,[removed]
831,CatAdvice,Stop cat from hitting hanging lights,[removed]
832,CatAdvice,Looking for Advice Regarding Feeders and/or Food for Cat with IBD,"Our cat, Bella, has been diagnosed with IBD, and it has been a *battle* trying to figure everything out. Our biggest problem is the food access -- we have five other cats (it's a litter we saved years ago when I was a child) that have *always* been free feeders. These five are, at this point, technically seniors and the last thing we want is to change what they're use to, but we know Bella *cannot* have the dry food they are use to. I was wondering if anyone knew of a feeder that can lock *one* particular cat out, but remain open for the rest?   


I'm also needing recommendations regarding her food itself -- they gave us Purina EN, and that was working fine... but Bella has always been extremely picky, and has decided to turn her nose up to it after having eaten it for a few days (she did this with other can foods we'd been supplementing her with before her diagnoses, it's like she wants different flavors?). Are there other brands like EN? Could we rotate them and the EN so maybe she won't get bored and refuse to eat?"
833,CatAdvice,My cat is a shit sometimes,[removed]
834,CatAdvice,Extreme play aggression from 4-month old kitten. I’ve tried everything. Advice?,[removed]
835,CatAdvice,Two year old cat rubbed himself for the first time yesterday on my dog’s urine. Attacking dog today for the first time.,[removed]
836,CatAdvice,My cat started biting my other cat hard for no reason after 3 years spent together,"See title. I mean, they used to fight too, and bite but playing nice, sometimes a little bit rougher, but this time is went further. 
We thought Selma (3yo) was bitten by a cat from the neighborhood since we just moved in a month ago, so she was treated and stay at home with my other cat Scott (4yo) for a few days.

Except today I noticed another big bite. So it must be Scott. I don't get it. 

Selma's at the vet for the night, but I'm afraid of what this would mean if he keeps on attacking her like that. I can't accept the idea that I should separate them/give one of them if he attacks her this badly often in the future. I'm so sad and lost."
837,CatAdvice,Are there any snacks I can feed my kidney failure cat?,[removed]
838,CatAdvice,My cat has attacked each of my roommates at least once.,[removed]
839,CatAdvice,Is it ok to take the my cat's food bowl out of my room during night time?,[removed]
840,CatAdvice,Drug to counter aggression,[removed]
841,CatAdvice,What wet food do you feed your cats?,Just curious to see what wet food your cats eat (if any).
842,CatAdvice,Cat always stepping in &amp; tracking poop,[removed]
843,CatAdvice,Cat started peeing outside the litter box (medically all clear according to vet),"Our two cats are 1,5y, f and m. My girl always voiced her disapproval by peeing, but very rarely (maybe 3 times since we got them a year ago) and it was always very clear what the reason was (she peed on clothes that smelled like a different cat that lay on the floor for some time for example). 

So roughly two weeks ago, she suddenly started peeing into the corridor and the bathroom in three different spots. We went to the vet, medically she is fine. I'm trying to figure out what the problem is, but I'm struggling here, so maybe someone has some ideas. 

So what I've already figured out/ruled out: 

Changes: My schedule changed and I'm home a bit less. My SO is home the same amount of time as before, and the cats schedule didn't change (same feeding and play times). Also, I disconnected their water fountain and switched it temporarily to a simple bowl (because the cats didn't use it and I was planning on trying a different one. Extra problem, the water pump started to be super loud and annoying after a year). But could that really be why she pees outside the box? Two to three times a day? And if so, what can I do to stop it?

What I'm already doing right: the two cats have three litter boxes that get cleaned two to three times a day. They don't have a lid or lining and are placed both in social and a bit more quiet areas throughout the house (living room, bathroom and by the entrance), also no litter changes. The pee spots get cleaned with enzyme cleaners every time after the cat pees there. We play with wand toys three times a day for ~15-20 mins each, we have regular feeding times. The cats have toys they can play play themselves, cat trees, window spots, and get lots of attention and love. There is no tension between the cats, they play with each other and all seems fine. We had a feliway diffuser before when we they came to us but stopped using it shortly after, we bought a new one two days ago, but it didn't change anything yet.

Any help would be greatly appreciated!"
844,CatAdvice,I'd appreciate experienced opinions for My Cat's Lung X-Rays,[removed]
845,CatAdvice,Cat hisses at guests now but was fine with them as kitten. mostly moving hands?,[removed]
846,CatAdvice,Cat has pancreatitis.,"Already took my poor baby to the vet twice for fluids, pain medication, appetite stimulant, and a shot of antibiotics. He's got a fever, and is sleeping alone.  But he still won't eat (it's been four days now). Any advice on what I should offer him? If it goes on much longer am looking at having him hospitalized, but vets in the SF area are expensive. If anyone has any advice it be much appreciated."
847,CatAdvice,7mo male cat aggressively forcing me to give him affection,[removed]
848,CatAdvice,Quick help,[removed]
849,CatAdvice,Hurts to see cat show affection to others,[removed]
850,CatAdvice,Need advice for dealing with 2 cats i rescued from the shelter.,[removed]
851,CatAdvice,Need advice ASAP,
852,CatAdvice,Advice on making sure first apartment is cat friendly,[removed]
853,CatAdvice,Is it normal for older cat to assert a lot of dominance around new kitten after 3 month introductions?,[removed]
854,CatAdvice,Should i buy the fancy cat litter for my friends cats i am sitting?,[removed]
855,CatAdvice,"Rescue gave me a very scared cat to foster, need advice",[removed]
856,CatAdvice,How to stop cat from biting on wires?,"My cat keeps biting on my PC wires and she doesn’t stop. While the wires are reinforced with Teflon, it still irritates me that she goes back to my setup to bite them. How can i stop this?"
857,CatAdvice,"Cat not eating, not moving, and pissing himself",[removed]
858,CatAdvice,ringworm,[removed]
859,CatAdvice,What's the best way to check if allergic to a particular cat? (Before bringing one home!),[removed]
860,CatAdvice,How do I get a clingy cat to separate,"My cat is very clingy and it’s driving me insane, she is constantly on me and meowing and licking and kneading and she is next to me 24/7"
861,CatAdvice,How to train kittens to sleep at night?,"I am aware cats are night creatures, however... my neighbors don't know. And also don't care. And thus it's for me to ""fix"" the problem before I get kicked out...

Short story long, I've adopted 2 kittens - they are 14 weeks old now. They are very kind, playful, and cute. They sleep the entire day but they have this thing where they get crazy active around 1-2 AM.

They look like ""posseted"" creatures. They hit everything, jump from all over the place and run like crazy. Initially I thought I can get them tired, but they can keep at it over 1 hour...  They mostly chase each other, but even if just one of them feels like this, he's doing it all by himself. And it's terrible for my neighbours.

Currently, what I do is when they get active, I close them in the smallest room - the bathroom. They miau for 5 minutes, hit the door... but eventually they go to sleep. However, I feel bad to do this.

I've tried feeding them earlier (last meal at 19-20). I tried feeding them late (last meal at 23). I tried playing with them for over 1h with all sorts of toys - around 9PM. It's great, at 10 they go to sleep, wake up an 2AM and go crazy again.

I tried keeping them awake during the day, but... I still have to work. Every time I stop giving them attention, they just go to sleep.   


Usually I try to hit the bed around 11 - where I stay 1h longer reading. Sometimes they come sleep with me, sometimes they don't...

Note: They also have a small window of crazy activity in the morning, around 8. But it ends after I feed them (usually at 8:30) - they just go to sleep after.

Is it bad to lock them out, every night, hoping they just go to sleep and in time adjust their schedule? What else can I do?"
862,CatAdvice,How to train an outdoor cat to come in at night?,"Family member only wants an outdoor cat, will not get one if it’s indoor. I hate the idea because it’s not as safe for the cats, but figure an imperfect home is better than being at a shelter.

They live in a rural area so predators are a potential issue but cars less so. They have a place for the cats to go at night, with bedding and food and litter. How to train the  cats to associate that area as home? Is it better for them to get kittens or an adult cat? Any advice for keeping their cats safe? They will listen to advice but I only have indoor cats and they have flat out said no indoor cats"
863,CatAdvice,Cat has all of a sudden started peeing on my toddlers play mat and toys,"

I have an 14 year old cat who’s all of a sudden started deficating and urinating only on my toddler sons playmat and toys which is in the living room 

This started in Monday maybe, the only thing that’s changed is we removed the playpen which surrounded it and got rid of the cabinet next to it as my son has learned to climb 

She does it in front of us and the runs off, she still uses her litter box once or twice a day 

We took her to to vets but they couldn’t get her a blood test as she got distressed so taking her back next week 

We’ve been soaking the area in simple solution cat stain remover I’m at my wits end I don’t know what to do 

I don’t have the hands spare to clean it up without my child getting in it, I can’t do this everyday. It’s becoming such a problem,

Her litter is in cellar which she can get too as she also has her food in there, this is the only place we can really put it which stops the baby getting to it

Is there anything else we can try whilst waiting for the vet appointment to see if there’s a medical issue"
864,CatAdvice,does my kitty understand that I protected her,[removed]
865,CatAdvice,Cat starts squinting for seemingly no reason at random intervals,[removed]
866,CatAdvice,Cosequin for senior cat,[removed]
867,CatAdvice,UPDATE- neglected and abused cat,[removed]
868,CatAdvice,Feeling torn up about potentially having to put our cat down,[removed]
869,CatAdvice,"UPDATE- neglected, abused cat",[removed]
870,CatAdvice,UPDATE,[removed]
871,CatAdvice,good water fountain?,"anyone have suggestions for a good water fountain for my kitties? they love to drink from the faucets, but i worry they won't get enough water if i'm not around to turn it on (they do get wet food so they do still get moisture). but a lot of fountains have bad reviews about the pump dying quickly or filters getting scummy and moldy, so i'm not sure what to go with."
872,CatAdvice,Rash/bald spot on cat's head?,[removed]
873,CatAdvice,My cat keeps scratching her ears - advice needed,[removed]
874,CatAdvice,New cat won’t stop running/meowing,"I got a new cat yesterday. He isn’t scared at all he’s super loving and playful but when I’m not playing with him or he’s sleeping he runs back and forth in the apartment and meowing. The running doesn’t bother me at all but I think the meowing is bothering my roommate. Any ideas why he won’t stop meowing? He’s 7 months old, fixed, on the same food as the shelter, uses his litter box no problem"
875,CatAdvice,My cat bites me really hard even during play?,[removed]
876,CatAdvice,Why has my cat suddenly become very clingy?,[removed]
877,CatAdvice,Can Older Cats Get Along With Kittens?,[removed]
878,CatAdvice,Kitten meowing all night.,I got this kitten from my parents. Born from my childhood cat and another random cat in the neighborhood. Anyways he sits at my door and meows for hours. He also keeps getting on my head and waking me up from clawing my scalp also biting my earlobe. We have another cat that he hasn’t formally met and get along with. The adult cat hisses and growls. Meanwhile my kitten just charges her then they scream at the top of their lungs. Any advice to get them to meet. How do I prevent my cat from meowing all night to let him out… I never open the door or get him what he wants anymore because he would do it more. Also how do I keep him off my tv stand/table… He keeps knocking my tv over.
879,CatAdvice,My kitten won't stop peeing outside the litter box,[removed]
880,CatAdvice,Trying to make semi-feral cats more trusting/loving,[removed]
881,CatAdvice,is it cruel to raise a cat in a 20m studio apartment?,[removed]
882,CatAdvice,My car loves my phone charger…but only at night?,"Currently writing this at 5 am because my girl recently seemingly out of no where as developed a love of playing with cords. but not just any cords, my phone charger. however, the weird thing is, she only really wants to play with it at night. she’ll jump onto my bed at random points while i’m dead asleep and claw and naw at the cord. i’m not sure what to do. the charger is like right next to my head when i have my phone plugged in so she basically jumps on my face which obviously wakes me up. i’ve tried plugging in the charger behind my bed so she can’t see or have access to the entire cord. no use, she will still come up and seemingly dig for the charger. i know this isn’t like the worst thing ever. but it is very inconvenient because i haven’t been able to sleep very well because she jumps onto me as i sleep, i can hear her right next to my head clawing for the cord and eventually nawing, and ofc i’m worried she’ll eat a part of the cord that could be dangerous so i can’t allow myself to fall into a deep sleep. i’m sure she’s partly doing this all for attention, which is obviously lacking since i’m sleeping, because she has never exhibited this behavior before. Any advice? how do i make sure she’s occupied while also making sure my charger doesn’t get chewed up and stop working?"
883,CatAdvice,Should I let my kitten hide somewhere inaccessible?,[removed]
884,CatAdvice,Can I re-bond with my cat,
885,CatAdvice,Keeping a ferrel cat warm with technology,[removed]
886,CatAdvice,Cat shelves - can normal shelves be used and how?,[removed]
887,CatAdvice,"Cat keeps biting me, can someone help?",It’s not hard or mean but it does leave marks. Sometimes when I try to pet him be grabs onto my hand and gives me a little bite and kicks my arm with his legs. Am I doing something wrong?
888,CatAdvice,Kitten loves destroying palm plant,[removed]
889,CatAdvice,My cat gets very vocal and aggressive when neading,Just randomly like about a week ago this started happening not really sure what happened not sure if it’s bad either just a random different behavior … anyone else cat do this???
890,CatAdvice,"I bought Tofu Cat Litter, but it's mixed with Bentonite Clay","So a shop I used to buy pretty cheap and affordable Tofu Cat Litter shop closed down and I needed to search up another shop that sold the same brand.

(The brand of cat Litter I use is this Korean brand, so I can't really type out its name.)

So I went ahead, found a shop, selling the same brand and all and bought 7 bags and to my disdain, they were mixed with Bentonite Clay.

The reason why I love using Tofu Cat Litter is because its flush able and all. There's stricter trash segregation laws in where I live, and sometimes, garbage trucks don't come for literal months to get our trash. Tofu Cat Litter is appealing to me because of how easy to clean it is.

I went back to the shop, and well turns out, the shop does in fact state that they do mix the cat litter with bentonite clay. 89% is Tofu Cat Litter and 11% is Bentonite (or so the product says). I simply just didn't pay attention, since I was more focused on searching for the same brand I liked. 

It's on me and I'll take the L on that one. But I'm still uncomfortable of using the cat litter, especially in the idea of flushing down bentonite down the toilet.

I guess I'm just asking for advice on what should I do?"
891,CatAdvice,2 month and 6 month cat,Will a 2 and 6 month cat get along easily?  I have the 2 and want to foster so it has a friend.  It’s the closest age I could get
892,CatAdvice,Help! *Cat flea*,[removed]
893,CatAdvice,Advice,How can I get my cat to stop eating and getting into stuff he shouldn’t be eating
894,CatAdvice,My Kitten Seems to Be Avoiding Me,"Ever since yesterday my kitten (8 weeks) has been avoiding me. One of my cousin's kitten came over to our house, which is funny because both of our cats happen to be siblings. They didn't quite get along so well and mine got quite aggressive and started attacking her after their cat hissed at mine. My cat noticed I let her play with his toys and held her and he got super jealous and now he's been avoiding me. He's fine with everybody else in my house but me. He doesn't want to play with me, he doesn't make eye contact with me anymore and doesn't want to be in my arms either. However, with the rest of my family members, he's been very friendly with them. 

I don't know what to do and don't know how to make him stop acting like this. I gave him treats but the second he's done, he still gives me sass haha."
895,CatAdvice,When is too soon to go on a holiday after adopting a cat?,[removed]
896,CatAdvice,Planning to foster kittens…hopefully?,[removed]
897,CatAdvice,Cat scab any advice? Will pst pic in comments.,[removed]
898,CatAdvice,Kitty sisters growling and hissing at each other in new environment,"My cats are litter mates and I adopted them together 10 years ago. They have been best of friends their entire lives. Inevitably if one comes back from the vet smelling a bit funny there is some hissing but they sleep together and play together and seem to genuinely love each other. 

In the past I’ve traveled with them to visit my parents in a different state. It’s a long drive but they don’t seem to mind it too much and on previous visits they were a bit stressed upon arrival to my parents house (they had 2 cats and 2 dogs) but after some time would venture out of my room and my parents pets would come into my room. They never liked my parents pets but they seemed to tolerate one another without too much fuss. 

This year my parents have moved to a smaller house and adopted a new and much bolder car than their other two. While my cats are isolated in their own room with me, they are constantly growling and hissing at each other and even fighting. I hate to see them this uncomfortable without even each other to lean on so to speak. It’s late now but I’m planning on buying feliway tomorrow but unfortunately won’t be able to keep them separated because the new house is too small. Is there anything else I can do to help them feel safe and loved and not scared of each other?"
899,CatAdvice,Wrong household for growing cat,"We have a 5 month old family cat that my brother brought home a month ago (funded by our parents and me), and so he refers to her as “his cat.” He accepted full responsibility beforehand since he really wanted a cat.

I have a problem with how he takes care of his cat. She gets food and water on somewhat of a schedule, and receives lots of cuddles (when she is open to receiving them). However, my brother never plays with “his cat” and she has destroyed a few household objects because of the lack of activity.

She also jumps and scratches and so if she isn’t distracted by play then she is with him in his room while he is on his laptop or phone. 

She meows and paws at the door a lot but he claims it’s just for “attention” and she doesn’t need nearly as much physical activity as I “think she does” even though I’ve done research and spoke with two animal behaviorists on this subject and he’s admitted to doing “no research,” but he still knows “better than” me.

The rest of the household plays with the cat when we can, but one member has an IDD and is scared of the cat because my brother doesn’t “believe in training” and won’t do anything for when she jumps on people except 1) tell the person she is jumping on that it’s not a big deal and 2) take her back to his room and do nothing to help her get her energy out.

I feel so fucking bad for this cat and Idk what to do. Whenever I tell him this has to change he doesn’t see a problem with it. What’s the point of a family pet if the family can’t even enjoy the pet and vice versa?"
900,CatAdvice,Revolution plus on kittens questions.,[removed]
901,CatAdvice,After surgery….,[removed]
902,CatAdvice,Lilies gifted in Thanksgiving centerpiece bouquet… what to do.,"
TLDR: can a bouquet with lilies in it be on the table at dinner and then put away, with a cat in the house? Google is giving me mixed results. 

I have a cat and was gifted a thanksgiving bouquet centerpiece for dinner tomorrow as it’s hosted at my house. I looked at the bouquet and it’s full of lilies- tiger and natal. I know how poisonous they are to cats and have actively avoided them. The bouquet is now locked away in a room. He hasn’t touched it or gone near it. 

Is it safe to put the bouquet on the table tomorrow for dinner and then return it to the locked room? I have been reading mixed statements on google about exposure type/time and the correlation between poisoning. I will obviously get rid of the bouquet all together if it is deemed unsafe to have out on the table for a few hours- but want to try to be courteous as the people that gifted it to me will be at dinner."
903,CatAdvice,New to Cats: Ignorantly thought I could leave my kitten home alone for 5 days for the holidays.,"Need some advice: I left at 12pm cst today for a 3 hour drive to my hometown and was planning on coming back sunday evening. I am assuming that is a very bad idea and I cannot let this happen even once? Should I drive back home on friday? I was having a friends giving on sunday with people I have seen in a year.

There is no one that can drop in and see her and I do know she has plenty of food and water for those days.

Please let me know your suggestions."
904,CatAdvice,How can I get my kitten to use the litterbox?,[removed]
905,CatAdvice,How much should I feed my cat?,"He just turned one on 11/7 and is currently 15.8 lbs. He is a big cat but he is not obese (he is pretty lean and long). I’ve taken him to the vet and they said he is healthy. I used to feed him wet food 2x a day and free feed him dry food but since he is now an adult I’m supposed to cut back on his food. Currently, I am giving him Sheba wet food 1 serving x3 a day and about 1/4 cup of dry food (although he only eats about half of his dry food most days. I forgot to ask my vet for advice on feeding, so here I am on reddit."
906,CatAdvice,Kitten shivering and skinny,[removed]
907,CatAdvice,Are some cats happier as loners?,[removed]
908,CatAdvice,I'm worried about my cat,[removed]
909,CatAdvice,Cat babysitting,"Hello everyone, I am babysitting a kitten for a friend. I have isolated him in my room and left the door slightly ajar when rushing to get a package. I came back relatively quick but found all 3 kitties hissing, growling, and aggressive with each other. I immediately separated them, however my two resident cats have been growling and hissing at each other since the afternoon. How can I mend their relationship? This baby will be going home in 72 hours but I just wanted to hear some opinions. Thank you"
910,CatAdvice,Could this be why she’s meowing?,[removed]
911,CatAdvice,Transporting cats on a 3.5 hr drive to move to a new place???,"Best way to make them comfortable? I have 2 cats and 2 carriers but I feel the carriers are a little small for such a long drive. It's fine when they go to the vet who is close. One cat is 14lbs the other is 20, we have the largest cat carriers we could find. Do they need to potty or have food/water for a long drive? Or will they be too stressed to do any of that? The very large cat can scream very loud for 5 hrs straight, no breaks (his record thus far and he starts screaming as soon as he gets in carrier and it's closed). How do the people in the car, especially the driver keep sane and calm with screaming cat? 

And then when we get to the new place how to help cats adjust to new home?? The screamer likes to mark his territory with pee despite being neutered, I would prefer him not to pee everywhere."
912,CatAdvice,My cat wont eat. Vet determined he is not sick. Desperate for advice.,[removed]
913,CatAdvice,"Two 6 month old outdoor kittens, one injured one missing. Can the injured one help me find the missing one?",[removed]
914,CatAdvice,new cat was eating but isn’t eating anymore? plus strange head shaking and scratching behaviors?,[removed]
915,CatAdvice,Cat bullying?,"I recently adopted an 8 week old kitten (Susan) &amp; brought her home to my apartment. I currently live with my partner &amp; his 2 year old cat (Fork). I did my best to take things slow but my partner is a little less… cautious than I am, so they met fairly quickly and after a bit of hissing from Fork he quietened down. 

Now, my concern is this. Fork is a big cat and he’s not well socialised (in my opinion). He isn’t affectionate, rarely comes near us, is very shy in new situations, but is quite energetic. I do my best to play with him and provide him mental stimulation but he never tires. When he tries to “play” with the kitten he is quite rough and he also never leaves her alone. He follows her (and I) from room to room and completely fixated on her. When he approaches and tries to play/bop her, she doesn’t want to engage but he keeps going, chasing her around and getting rougher and rougher. 

Previously, my partner and Fork lived in a shared flat with an older cat who didn’t want anything to do with him but he would just follow her around and paw at her, never backing off even when she hissed at him. He wasn’t aggressive per se but it was almost like “how much can I annoy this other cat”.

I’m doing my best to reward Fork when he is gentle and “punish” him when he’s rough but separating them and closing the door, but I’m concerned he’s bullying her. 

So is this something to be concerned about?"
916,CatAdvice,I’m losing it as I watch my cat die in front of my eyes.,[removed]
917,CatAdvice,I’m losing it watch my cat die in front of my eyes.,[removed]
918,CatAdvice,Cat suddenly VERY angry/defensive/scared,[removed]
919,CatAdvice,"We took in 3 feral cats, the one with three kittens in running around like crazy, what do?",[removed]
920,CatAdvice,Need advice on an anxious kitty as a first time owner.,"Tldr at bottom

Im a first time cat owner to a loveley 2yr old tabby we will call Cat. I absolutely adore Cat she looks so cute and always wants to be pet or sleep, but she is also very very anxious. Today was supposed to be her first vet appointment but I messed up and couldnt get her in a harness. Shortly after, I failed to grab Cat up in a towel and stupidly tried chasing her around. She's currently curled up next to me but I feel like I traumatized her. How have you all dealt with anxious cats? And how do you prevent them from hating you? Anything helpful for anxious cats is welcome, not just carrier stuff.

tldr: how to get anxious cat into carrier without traumatizing her? Also, how to not feel bad about trying to help her in ways she doesnt want?"
921,CatAdvice,Cat jealousy issue,"Do cats really love you? I've had 3 kittens for a little over a year. 2 of my cats act super loving toward me- they always cuddle, want to be pet, follow me around all the time, so much purring, kneading me, sleep on me every night, cry every time I close the door to the bathroom, etc! I love them so much and think the world of them! The other one is so sweet, just not as cuddly or attached to me. Right now I am on vacation for 9 days overseas and had to bring my cats to a sitter. The cat sitter had been great and she's been sending lots of videos and pictures of my kittens doing the same loving behavior toward her. Although I'm very happy they are not feeling sad or lonely, I feel extremely jealous, like the same feeling I got in high school when a boy I liked paid attention to someone else. I thought it was me they loved, but is it just a thing cats like that would do to anyone???? I know it's a silly and selfish feeling, but I still feel it. Thank you!"
922,CatAdvice,Introducing Cats When One is Deaf,"My husband and I each moved into our new home a year ago with our cats: Toby (14+ yo, and completely deaf) and Moxie (5ish yo). We have tried to introduce them multiple times with the Jackson Galaxy method. It just doesn't seem to work because when Moxie hisses or growls, Toby straight up cannot tell and continues getting up in her face. He definitely wants to be friends and she is just ticked off since he seemingly ignores her warning vocalizations. Lots of chasing and swatting ensues because she tries to run away and he corners her.

Thus far after trying we have just gone back to having a schedule for who has access to the rest of the house outside of their rooms; they alternate days. Sigh. We will keep them separate forever if we have to but really would love to be able to have both cats in laps in the same room simultaneously!

We have the next few days off of work and are pondering if we should just open both doors and let them figure it out amongst themselves while we are here to separate them if we need to. How do we know if their interactions are what's to be expected vs being harmful to them?  Is the fact that we are stressed out by the prospect of one of them getting hurt going to affect how the introduction goes? Any help is appreciated!"
923,CatAdvice,Changed my cat diet and she lost 300 grams in 1 week,"
I am super worried. She looks okay and playful as usual, I fed her a bit more today and I increased her meals portion again.

I am concerned about fatty liver. Is there anything else I should do?"
924,CatAdvice,Need help bonding with new shelter kitty,"I recently adopted a shelter cat (from a feral cat colony - he was injured and had his leg amputated, upon which he was sent to a shelter). He is about 4 years old, and a neutered male. 

When we met shelter cat and first brought him home, he was skittish but open to petting and really seemed to enjoy it. 

We currently have a 13 yr old domesticated neutered male who has been the only cat in his household. 

After introducing the two of them (slow intros, scent swapping, separate rooms, visual through gate), shelter cat started hissing at humans and now does not allow any human contact, swatting and biting us if we try. He has not really been improving, despite being extremely food motivated. He will eat near us, but runs away immediately after finishing his food/treats. 

The two cats have been hissing/meowing at each other and are very wary of each other, despite eating on opposite sides of the gate. We have installed pheromone diffusers and consulted many online resources to no avail. 

Is it just a matter of time? (Its been almost a full month) Or something else? Mostly I am concerned about shelter kitty’s personality shift towards humans. How can we get him to trust us more? Why such a drastic shift towards petting?"
925,CatAdvice,Help calming in the car,"Hello! My cat and I will be traveling two hours in the car to visit my parents for Christmas next month. She hates the car, so I was wondering if anyone had any suggestions for calming products (treats, collars, etc) that work with their kitties. Thanks!"
926,CatAdvice,6 month old kitten not eating much,[removed]
927,CatAdvice,UTI/Antibiotic Shot,[removed]
928,CatAdvice,Need advice ref cat sitting,"Hi 

My aunt has given me her house key to go twice a day and feed her cat for 18 days. Ive been doing it for just over a week now but I can tell the poor guy is getting sad, he meows a lot when I come by and is so needy for strokes. What do I do? I try to stay as long as I can but never seems enough for him"
929,CatAdvice,Would my cat prefer staying home or going to my parents for thanksgiving?,"I’m leaving tonight and will be out of my house for over a full day. 

She has an auto feeder and litter box, and a bed in front of the heater, but I don’t want her to be lonely. My parents live an hour drive away and have her sister as a pet. They were never super close but they don’t attack each other. I have a cage to transport her, but she meows the entire drive. I left her alone for a few days before but I felt bad the entire time"
930,CatAdvice,"Cat being aggressive towards us, not sure why.",[removed]
931,CatAdvice,What’s my cats weird fur pattern about?,[removed]
932,CatAdvice,My kitten is annoying me,[removed]
933,CatAdvice,Kitten becoming more vocal after her siblings were adopted,[removed]
934,CatAdvice,"Cat of 2 years got spooked by movers, now she's completely different pt 2",[removed]
935,CatAdvice,Does anyone have any advice on taking care of a (most likely) pregnant cat?,[removed]
936,CatAdvice,Bonded Pair (Spaying/Neutering),[removed]
937,CatAdvice,Tense negotiations between 2 y/o resident cat and new ten week old kitten.,[removed]
938,CatAdvice,"neglected, abused cat","To keep things short, around 2 weeks ago i came across a male cat who had puss in his eyes and wounds in his ear. It was freezing outside and he was soaking wet. I was actually going to the neighbours house (let’s call her Alison) and Alison told me that the owners leave this cat outside all the time. They don’t care for it and only use it for breeding to make money. She also told me that they have a female cat that they keep indoors but they’ve bred this cat around 7/8 times and the cat is 5 years old. My heart broke for them both and the male cat was so friendly, he kept trying to get inside my car and sit on my bonnet just for the engine warmth. Alison has rang the RSPCA and the local council multiple times but they haven’t done anything. I also rang RSPCA on the same day i saw him and i sent pictures of him to them and they still haven’t done anything yet. However, my problem is that it’s getting colder here in the UK and it’s only a matter of time before this poor cat dies from negelect. I personally don’t think anything’s going to be done about this so i’m seriously contemplating pulling up one day and just taking him. He needs serious vet attention and somewhere warm to recover. Alison told me that the cat isn’t microchipped or even flead and wormed, and the owners are very hostile so approaching them and asking them for the cat if they don’t want it is out of the question. 

Basically, I was wondering if I should actually take him? And what can i do to avoid getting caught? Because morally i just can’t leave that cat there to die. 
Or if there is a better suited subreddit to post this on please direct me to it!
Thanks in advance"
939,CatAdvice,Advice for 2 cats moving into a new space together!,"Hi everyone! I am about to move out of my parent's house and into an apartment with 2 roommates. However, I have a cat and one of my roommates has a cat, too. Both of our cats have never lived with another cat, but mine currently lives with two dogs. I am about them fighting or getting territorial over the new space. My cat has always lived in the same house, so I'm a little worried about that too. Any advice on getting the two cats used to each other and/or advice on how to get the cats warmed up to the new space is greatly appreciated!"
940,CatAdvice,need advice on getting a 2nd cat!,"My partner and I have been on and off discussing the possibility of getting a second kitten. We currently have a 7-month-old gray(domestic short hair) wonderful, chatty and playful girl. We love her so much and feel like she would be great with a friend. She's rarely (if ever) aggressive or scared.

I've read a good amount of dialogue about introducing new cats to older cats- however, I'd love some opinions about introducing young to young. We have ample space to separate them and take our time with introductions (I am currently a student and do not begin working minimal hours until spring). We also wouldn't adopt a new kitten until January, as I will be out of town for the month.

I'm looking for any advice you may have or experience with doing this process."
941,CatAdvice,spayed 8yo cat spraying out of no where.,[removed]
942,CatAdvice,Cat is very spicy,[removed]
943,CatAdvice,The adoption process / means testing is absolutely obnoxious,[removed]
944,CatAdvice,Need potty advice for a foster kitten,[removed]
945,CatAdvice,Our new cat wont stop meowing,[removed]
946,CatAdvice,May Need to Move to Asia Next Year…. But I have some Kittens.,[removed]
947,CatAdvice,Cat eating grass every time she goes outside and vomiting?,[removed]
948,CatAdvice,Upset tummy,"Hi guys I was wondering if you could help.

If I ring the vet they'll most likely say bring my boy in but if I do that he gets very stressed and had cystitis in the past so I'm worried the stress will cause a flare up.

He is a 4 year old male on prescribed food for the previous issue of cystitis. He's a greedy boy too always face first in the bowl. He is a indoor cat so has not got hold of anything he shouldn't have.

He has had a upset tummy 3 days. First day he went and it was like soft serve and slightly yellow but not alarming. He then went twice more that evening and was pure liquid. 

Second day exactly the same as his first but this day he didn't eat all day. Also wasn't himself.

Ge started eating again yesterday smaller amounts but something. Yesterday it was just like soft serve and normal colour. 

Today he is eating a little still. Is much more himself, alert, playful, wants fuss. Even had 100 percent chicken breast treats. But he's been 3 times today. 2 times like soft serve but a little more put together. Then this evening so almost the 4th day now it was slightly yellow again, some formation but more liquid then earlier today. 

I'm not sure wether he's actually on the mend or I should take him up tomorrow. In himself he's doing better but the slightly worse last poo worries me.

Everytime he goes to the vet and for the whole journey he meows, shakes and pants. Then comes home and shakes for hours. 

Also money is a issue. I do have a little and I do have insurance but it's the kind you pay upfront and claim back. I can attach photos of poop but I'm not sure you'd want to see. 

Haven't seen him drink too much but he's had some and has been licking the gravy of his food."
949,CatAdvice,Blisters around spay line?,[removed]
950,CatAdvice,Do I take my kitten home with me for Christmas?,[removed]
951,CatAdvice,Feral kittens in socialization process: When to let them out of their enclosure to explore/roam the room they’re in.,"TLDR: I took in a litter of 3 feral kittens, they’re 2 months old, 2 females, 1 male. I’ve been taking care of them with the hope of socializing them and giving them out for adoption. Their socialization process has been slow. I want to know when the right time to let them out into my bedroom is, their enclosure is in my bedroom. 

▪️(Female) Kitten 1 
Arrived October 25-
I started to let her out into the room 2 weeks ago but now I only let her out to sleep on the bed. When let out in my room, very playful and active on her own but gets scared easily and runs and hides when I walk into the room, when there’s sounds or sometimes if I move. Sometimes she’ll let me pet her but most of the time she won’t stay and will run off. Seems antsy to be loose in the room. Used to be cuddlier when she arrived. The one with the most progress, lets me pick her up most of the time when in the enclosure, sleeps on my bed but not very cuddly.  

▪️(Male) Kitten 2 
Arrived November 7- 
Has bitten me hard 3 times, they day he arrived and the day after a vet visit. This kitten has had the slowest progress of all three. He’ll stay on my lap to eat but will want off as soon as he’s done eating. I pet him when he eats. Usually doesn’t let me pet him when I reach in the enclosure. Does eat from my hand. Strong, if he runs I have to let him go, he’ll bite, wiggle and scratch otherwise. 

▪️(Female?) Kitten 3
Arrived November 15-I can pet her sometimes while she’s in the enclosure. Sometimes she watches me intently and up until recently, her eyes dilated most of the time I was near, not as much now, I look away. She’ll stay on my lap a little while after feeding and I’ll pet her. Will eat from my hand. 

➖They all seem to want to be out in the room and get really curious when kitten 1 is out but since I don’t know when the right time to introduce them to my bedroom is, I stopped letting Kitten 1 out. I’d really appreciate your advice on this or if you have any feral kitten advice in general, I’ll gladly welcome it, it’s been hard."
952,CatAdvice,My cat hates wet food. Is mixing 1/8 cup water with his dry food good enough to keep him hydrated?,"Title. I have tried roughly 10 different brands of wet food and he refuses to eat more than a few bites. He loves dry food, however. I have got into a habit of mixing some water (roughly 1/8 cup) with his dry food and he slurps that down without any issues. Is this an acceptable substitute for wet food? TIA"
953,CatAdvice,My cat has been choking while drinking water,[removed]
954,CatAdvice,Pee problems,[removed]
955,CatAdvice,What's the best tracking collar for a kitten?,"I just got a kitten this week and he's very energetic and I'm scared I'm going  lose him in my house. I got him a bell collar and he was fine at first and took a nap with it but then freaked out after he woke up... so now I need a alternative. 

Any suggestions will be greatly appreciated  :)"
956,CatAdvice,Ways to occupy smart cats?,[removed]
957,CatAdvice,Why does my cat bring me the same toy every night?,"So, my husband and I adopted 2 kittens a little over a year ago. A boy and a girl, they’re a little over a year old now. We also moved about 5 months ago and ever since getting into our new apartment, our male cat, Pippin, has been doing this thing where he’ll bring us one of his toys, a stick with a bell and rope attached and feathers on the end. Every time he does this he starts meowing and will find us wherever we are in the apartment and usually won’t stop until we make some acknowledgment of it. He never did this before we moved and our female cat doesn’t do this either. I’ve had cats most of my life and never experienced it, but this is the first time I’ve had fully indoor cats, so maybe that has something to do with it. It’s been increasing in frequency to the point that he does this almost every night. A few minutes after we get in bed, we’ll hear him start meowing and dragging the toy down the hall. About half the time he’ll jump on the bed to bring us the toy and once we say hi to him, he just lays down like normal. This happens occasionally (about every few days) during the day as well. It’s not a problem but I have also noticed that when he does this, he’ll sometimes make a motion kind of like he’s trying to cough up a hairball but doesn’t make any sound and doesn’t drop the toy when he does this. I’m just really curious and wondering if it’s something to do with him being a male cat or if I should be concerned? TIA for any insight!"
958,CatAdvice,"Is this breeder being cruel, and how to confront them?",[removed]
959,CatAdvice,Air mattress protectors?,Going to have an air mattress set up for awhile. I'm thinking about getting two of those mattress protectors to protect it from my cats. Do you think that would double the amount of protection?
960,CatAdvice,"New kitten, older cat not eating really",[removed]
961,CatAdvice,"2 girls and 1 boy cat, can I just get the boy fixed?","Hey all, I was wondering if it would be okay to only get my boy fixed (for now). Eventually when I scrape enough money, I can get the girls fixed two, and I've scheduled a neutering in two days for him, but what would happen if the girls are unspayed?"
962,CatAdvice,How can I get my 5 year old female cat to stop biting my houseguests' hands?,"She's a very sweet cat but she gets overstimulated very easily. She'll approach strangers acting lovey and wanting pets but then she flips the switch almost immediately to Play Mode and will try to bite/scratch at their hands. 

I know she isn't doing it maliciously and she does it to me at times which I personally don't mind too much even though it can be sort of annoying at times. But it startles some of my guests and she sometimes gets a bit carried away and bites a bit too hard and it actually hurts. 

Any tips on things I can do when I'm alone with her to try to get her out of this habit? I've been working on making it obvious that she hurt my hand if she bites too hard and will stop petting her and turn away from her and try to pet her again once she's calmed down, trying to reward her with affection when she let's me pet her without biting. 

This seems to be helping a little bit maybe, but it's hard to tell since I don't have guests over very often. 

I just want everybody to see what a lovey sweet cat she is, and I want her to get all the pets in the world. She's always so confused about why they stop petting her :("
963,CatAdvice,What was with that cat?,[removed]
964,CatAdvice,Mom cat being aggressive - help!,[removed]
965,CatAdvice,Can I introduce a 7 week old male kitten to my 16 week old female cat?,"3 months ago myself and my husband rescued a kitten who is approximately 16 weeks old. We don't have any other pets and our kitten has been a small bit destructive while bored and tends to try to get us to play and wrestle with her but she can be a bit rough so we have decided that another kitten would be good for her.

We had decided a female kitten would be best but we found a 7 week old male who is being hand reared by a foster carer as he is also a rescue. Do you think a male kitten and female kitten would work well together? I wouldn't want to upset our current cat. 

Additional information: we have her booked in to be neutered, we would also neuter the boy if we take him and both cats would be fully indoors."
966,CatAdvice,Kitten with feline coronavirus,"I’ve been looking to get a kitten and I’ve been told the litter from which I’m getting from has had feline coronavirus and had symptoms of diarrhoea, however they have now cleared up and they are better. The kittens are now 4 months old. I have done some research and seen that 10% of kittens with feline coronavirus develop FIP and this does worry me. I currently have no other cats at home so I’m not worried about the virus spreading and the kitten will be a house cat as he is pedigree. However I’m just wondering if I could get some advice on wether or not to go through with getting the new kitty as I’m not sure I could deal with the heartbreak if he did get poorly. Does anyone have any experience with kittens having coronavirus and surviving a normal healthy life?"
967,CatAdvice,"Gf's cat won't stop meowing or ""grunting"" at night, is it normal?","My girlfriend rescued her cat ChiChi last winter, she used to work for a delivery company and found ChiChi outside under a porch of a house. The owner of the house said the cat already had 2 litters of kittens, and is only 2 years old. Since ChiChi has been rescued she's gone into heat twice, we haven't been able to get her spayed because of financial reasons. ChiChi just ended another heat cycle and now will not let my GF sleep at night due to constant meowing and ""grunting"", as my GF explains it. This is the first it's happening since ending a heat cycle for her which is why it's so unusual for my GF. Is it normal for ChiChi to develop this kind of behavior?"
968,CatAdvice,keeping new cat in my walk in closet?,"i have two cats who i love so dearly. ive had my resident cat for about 2 months and just adopted a new kitty about a week ago. resident cat is perfect, new kitty is almost perfect other than her nightly shenanigans. my boyfriend is letting me live with him temporarily until i find my own place, and he is getting quite agitated with both me and my new kitty because she keeps us up all night. im wondering if it would be ethical to keep her in my walk in closet throughout the night if i put all her essentials in there. im in a studio apartment with no other rooms. the closet is quite spacious, but it does get quite cold. rehoming her isnt an option for me, looking for suggestions."
969,CatAdvice,Ways to stop my cat from getting down and dirty with the other two before I can get him neutered,"Hey all, I have three kittens (all around 8 months old), one boy and two girls. Last night my partner discovered that the male was trying to get frisky with one of the others, and she was not happy about this.

For now we've moved the boy and an extra litter box into a separate room, and the girls are staying with each other in the cat room. I'm not sure how soon I will be able to get an appointment to get him neutered but for now, what steps can I take to keep him from jumping the girls' bones?"
970,CatAdvice,Cat is too cute,[removed]
971,CatAdvice,"My cat doesn't eat from the bowl, but she eats from my hand or from a spoon","She used to eat from bowls, so I don't know why she suddenly stopped.

She'll only eat from my hand or when I put a spoon in front of her. I'm a bit busy so I can't hand-feed or spoon-feed her every morning and night. What can I do?"
972,CatAdvice,Behaviour after neutering,"My cat recently got neutered. He sleeps all day and doesn’t play, eat, drink much. He goes to pee/poop about once a day. I’m worried. Is this normal? Should i take him to the vet?"
973,CatAdvice,Stop cat from scratching bedroom door at night?,[removed]
974,CatAdvice,Only male cats like me,"I’m a male in my 20s. I like cats, I like dogs too but I think cats are a little better. Anyways, I’ve never had a female cat like me. Ever. Male cats on the other hand love me, my sister has a male cat that hates everyone but her, I house sat for her and he loved me and my whole family was shocked. Whenever I’m at someone house who has cats the males love me and the females avoid me or hiss at me. I went to a shelter the other day to look for a cat of my own and most of the males liked me but not a single female wanted anything to do with me. Does anyone have any idea why that is? I didn’t know which cats were male/female but every time one liked me the shelter lady would say it was a male."
975,CatAdvice,To someone who knows,"Hello, just wanna ask to someone proffesional here. We have a cat named hiro. He loves to eat dry food at the age of 1 month old. tho, hindi naman lagi yon. as the time goes by. Nagkaroon siya ng sira sa ngipin. ngayon, lumala nang lumala yung sira niya hanggang sa naapektuhan yung way of eating. Nagtanong kami sa vet kung magkano yung check-up, sinabi niya na 4500 kasama na yung procedure na gagawin nila. As a college student, wala akong ganong halaga. Pinapa-inom ko siya ngayon ng tubig na may dextrose powder kasi sobrang dehydrated na siya. Other than that, may home remedies ba na pwedeng gawin? salamat sa makakasagot."
976,CatAdvice,Kitty in heat,
977,CatAdvice,Co-Ownership of Cat Microchip Registration,Hi! My vet recommended that we should register our cat’s microchip just in case something happened to him. I was going to register my cat’s microchip under my name but my husband also wanted to be put onto the contact list as well. I was looking through some companies to register our cat’s microchip onto but there weren’t any options to have two contacts or co-ownership of the cat. I was wondering if this is just how microchipping works or if there are any companies that allow two contacts to be registered. Thanks!
978,CatAdvice,Roommate spilled candle wax on cat tail,[removed]
979,CatAdvice,Cat pooing inside since house move,"Hi guys 

So my cat Blue is a very well behaved boy and I trained him to go to the toilet outside when he was little with no problems.

I moved house in August and kept him in for 6 weeks with his litter tray. When he started going outside, I got a cat flap fitted and naturally he started finding an outside loo and I took the litter tray away. 

There are some new big bully cats he’s had a few stand offs with and now he’s a bit afraid of going outside, even nipping out to the toilet. He’ll go if I’m out there with him, but I can’t always keep an eye on when he might need to go, and I’m not always in.

I started trying to associate the outside with “good things” so would give him his breakfast outside and sit with him, and have also been hiding treats around the patio which generally keeps him entertained. 

However in the last couple of weeks,  his go-to before he even thinks to go outside is finding corners in the house to go to the toilet. It’s very frustrating for obvious reasons, and this morning I have had to reinstate the litter tray because it’s become such a regular occurrence and I don’t trust him in the house anymore. It doesn’t help that it’s very rainy where I live which is an extra reason he doesn’t always want to go outside. 

I don’t want to have a litter tray forever, and feel like we’re regressing! Has anyone experienced this and have any tips/advice for retraining your cat to go outside / rebuilding lost confidence?

Thanks in advance from a desperate cat lover !"
980,CatAdvice,Chronic illness and reluctance to take pills,[removed]
981,CatAdvice,is it a good idea to switch to Origen?,"My cat is on hills prescription biome dry food ever since he saw the vet for his blood poop and it cleared it, but now I want to give him something better since I'm not sure if it's good for him to feed hills gastro bio long term... Since they are both the same price"
982,CatAdvice,is it a good idea to switch to orijen?,"My cat is on hills prescription biome dry food ever since he saw the vet for his blood poop and it cleared it, but now I want to give him something better since I'm not sure if it's good for him to feed hills gastro bio long term... Since they are both the same price"
983,CatAdvice,Dhare your best tips :),[removed]
984,CatAdvice,how do i get my cat to stop burying all the food and water in litter?,"i have two cats, a 1yr old named nubs and a 2.5 yr old named crusty. crusty has always “buried” her food with socks that she would bring over and put over her wet food. nubs started burying the food and water in litter the second both of them were done with it, she doesn’t even eat the wet food. she will see crusty finish her first pick at the wet food (she waits to see if nubs will eat any before going back to finish it) and nubs will kick litter out of the box, and kick it all the way towards the food then kick it into the food, or she will start pushing it to the litter box to bury it. is there any way i can stop this behavior as it is getting expensive between her wasting tons of perfectly good litter and perfectly good food. the food and litter i have right now were gifted to me by some lovely redditers so i don’t want it to go to waste. moving the food or litter is not an option i have no where else to put it."
985,CatAdvice,When is a feral kitten fully socialized?,[removed]
986,CatAdvice,"Cat has stitches on her neck right behind her ear, won’t keep e collar on","basically the title, my cat got surgery and has stitches right behind her ear. She isn’t adjusting well to the e collar. Is there anything else I can use instead ? Please let me know thank you"
987,CatAdvice,Tidy cat breeze litter system leaking,[removed]
988,CatAdvice,how to tell if they are real fight or playing?,[removed]
989,CatAdvice,Please help me get my cat to poop in the box…,[removed]
990,CatAdvice,Leaving ~9 month old cat home alone for the weekend,[removed]
991,CatAdvice,My cat keeps throwing up but acts totally fine.,[removed]
992,CatAdvice,Neighbour abandoned cats,"Looking for advice on this situation as I’ve contacted the RSPCA multiple times and they are unwilling to help and never update me. My neighbour has 2 cats (brother and sister) which they have abandoned, I waited 4 months then finally called the RSPCA when she left for 4 days over a weekend and they were left in the freezing cold starving. The last 5 months I’ve had no choice but to feed them or they would starve. I’ve even tried to not feed them for 2 days but they would cry from morning to night meowing at every door and window. Eventually I got to the point where I felt so bad I would cave in and feed them. I knew they weren’t my cats so never wanted to make them feel confused however she completely doesn’t care I have watched her when a delivery man knocks at the door, the cats have ran in and she immediately throws them back outside. It’s not the case she has no money as she constantly gets food deliveries and various parcels. These were house cats but since she got new furniture etc they were kicked outside in the summer. There is a girl that is very needy and she is now at my house day and night doesn’t even leave the garden. The boy however is very feral and looks very depressed, he is very withdrawn he doesn’t like being touched for too long and hides in corners. Within the last days I have seen the RSPCA visiting her yet so I know 100% they are her animals yet nothing has changed. I’ve never been in this situation before and certainly didn’t want to ‘steal’ anyones cats but I could not let poor harmless cats suffer. Now I’ve been looking after the cats the past nearly 6 months they’ve grown on me as a person who has mainly been a dog person previously. Moving forward what should I do?"
993,CatAdvice,Small Circular bald spots near cats ears,[removed]
994,CatAdvice,Cat Attention,[removed]
995,CatAdvice,Keeping my cat comfortable while in heat?,[removed]
996,CatAdvice,Cat poop unusual color from inside,[removed]
997,CatAdvice,Soft poops even after a month,[removed]
998,CatAdvice,Anxious about vet visit,[removed]
999,CatAdvice,Staticky Cat,[removed]
1000,CatAdvice,Just discovered a trick that has my cat drinking more water,[removed]
1001,CatAdvice,Rehoming cat guilt,[removed]
1002,CatAdvice,Male cat getting too muscular,[removed]
1003,CatAdvice,Stop cat from hitting hanging lights,[removed]
1004,CatAdvice,Looking for Advice Regarding Feeders and/or Food for Cat with IBD,"Our cat, Bella, has been diagnosed with IBD, and it has been a *battle* trying to figure everything out. Our biggest problem is the food access -- we have five other cats (it's a litter we saved years ago when I was a child) that have *always* been free feeders. These five are, at this point, technically seniors and the last thing we want is to change what they're use to, but we know Bella *cannot* have the dry food they are use to. I was wondering if anyone knew of a feeder that can lock *one* particular cat out, but remain open for the rest?   


I'm also needing recommendations regarding her food itself -- they gave us Purina EN, and that was working fine... but Bella has always been extremely picky, and has decided to turn her nose up to it after having eaten it for a few days (she did this with other can foods we'd been supplementing her with before her diagnoses, it's like she wants different flavors?). Are there other brands like EN? Could we rotate them and the EN so maybe she won't get bored and refuse to eat?"
1005,CatAdvice,My cat is a shit sometimes,[removed]
1006,CatAdvice,Extreme play aggression from 4-month old kitten. I’ve tried everything. Advice?,[removed]
1007,CatAdvice,Two year old cat rubbed himself for the first time yesterday on my dog’s urine. Attacking dog today for the first time.,[removed]
1008,CatAdvice,My cat started biting my other cat hard for no reason after 3 years spent together,"See title. I mean, they used to fight too, and bite but playing nice, sometimes a little bit rougher, but this time is went further. 
We thought Selma (3yo) was bitten by a cat from the neighborhood since we just moved in a month ago, so she was treated and stay at home with my other cat Scott (4yo) for a few days.

Except today I noticed another big bite. So it must be Scott. I don't get it. 

Selma's at the vet for the night, but I'm afraid of what this would mean if he keeps on attacking her like that. I can't accept the idea that I should separate them/give one of them if he attacks her this badly often in the future. I'm so sad and lost."
1009,CatAdvice,Are there any snacks I can feed my kidney failure cat?,[removed]
1010,CatAdvice,My cat has attacked each of my roommates at least once.,[removed]
1011,CatAdvice,Is it ok to take the my cat's food bowl out of my room during night time?,[removed]
1012,CatAdvice,Drug to counter aggression,[removed]
1013,CatAdvice,What wet food do you feed your cats?,Just curious to see what wet food your cats eat (if any).
1014,CatAdvice,Cat always stepping in &amp; tracking poop,[removed]
1015,CatAdvice,Cat started peeing outside the litter box (medically all clear according to vet),"Our two cats are 1,5y, f and m. My girl always voiced her disapproval by peeing, but very rarely (maybe 3 times since we got them a year ago) and it was always very clear what the reason was (she peed on clothes that smelled like a different cat that lay on the floor for some time for example). 

So roughly two weeks ago, she suddenly started peeing into the corridor and the bathroom in three different spots. We went to the vet, medically she is fine. I'm trying to figure out what the problem is, but I'm struggling here, so maybe someone has some ideas. 

So what I've already figured out/ruled out: 

Changes: My schedule changed and I'm home a bit less. My SO is home the same amount of time as before, and the cats schedule didn't change (same feeding and play times). Also, I disconnected their water fountain and switched it temporarily to a simple bowl (because the cats didn't use it and I was planning on trying a different one. Extra problem, the water pump started to be super loud and annoying after a year). But could that really be why she pees outside the box? Two to three times a day? And if so, what can I do to stop it?

What I'm already doing right: the two cats have three litter boxes that get cleaned two to three times a day. They don't have a lid or lining and are placed both in social and a bit more quiet areas throughout the house (living room, bathroom and by the entrance), also no litter changes. The pee spots get cleaned with enzyme cleaners every time after the cat pees there. We play with wand toys three times a day for ~15-20 mins each, we have regular feeding times. The cats have toys they can play play themselves, cat trees, window spots, and get lots of attention and love. There is no tension between the cats, they play with each other and all seems fine. We had a feliway diffuser before when we they came to us but stopped using it shortly after, we bought a new one two days ago, but it didn't change anything yet.

Any help would be greatly appreciated!"
1016,CatAdvice,I'd appreciate experienced opinions for My Cat's Lung X-Rays,[removed]
1017,CatAdvice,Cat hisses at guests now but was fine with them as kitten. mostly moving hands?,[removed]
1018,CatAdvice,Cat has pancreatitis.,"Already took my poor baby to the vet twice for fluids, pain medication, appetite stimulant, and a shot of antibiotics. He's got a fever, and is sleeping alone.  But he still won't eat (it's been four days now). Any advice on what I should offer him? If it goes on much longer am looking at having him hospitalized, but vets in the SF area are expensive. If anyone has any advice it be much appreciated."
1019,CatAdvice,7mo male cat aggressively forcing me to give him affection,[removed]
1020,CatAdvice,Quick help,[removed]
1021,CatAdvice,Hurts to see cat show affection to others,[removed]
1022,CatAdvice,Need advice for dealing with 2 cats i rescued from the shelter.,[removed]
1023,CatAdvice,Need advice ASAP,
1024,CatAdvice,Advice on making sure first apartment is cat friendly,[removed]
1025,CatAdvice,Is it normal for older cat to assert a lot of dominance around new kitten after 3 month introductions?,[removed]
1026,CatAdvice,Should i buy the fancy cat litter for my friends cats i am sitting?,[removed]
1027,CatAdvice,"Rescue gave me a very scared cat to foster, need advice",[removed]
1028,CatAdvice,How to stop cat from biting on wires?,"My cat keeps biting on my PC wires and she doesn’t stop. While the wires are reinforced with Teflon, it still irritates me that she goes back to my setup to bite them. How can i stop this?"
1029,CatAdvice,"Cat not eating, not moving, and pissing himself",[removed]
1030,CatAdvice,ringworm,[removed]
1031,CatAdvice,What's the best way to check if allergic to a particular cat? (Before bringing one home!),[removed]
1032,CatAdvice,How do I get a clingy cat to separate,"My cat is very clingy and it’s driving me insane, she is constantly on me and meowing and licking and kneading and she is next to me 24/7"
1033,CatAdvice,How to train kittens to sleep at night?,"I am aware cats are night creatures, however... my neighbors don't know. And also don't care. And thus it's for me to ""fix"" the problem before I get kicked out...

Short story long, I've adopted 2 kittens - they are 14 weeks old now. They are very kind, playful, and cute. They sleep the entire day but they have this thing where they get crazy active around 1-2 AM.

They look like ""posseted"" creatures. They hit everything, jump from all over the place and run like crazy. Initially I thought I can get them tired, but they can keep at it over 1 hour...  They mostly chase each other, but even if just one of them feels like this, he's doing it all by himself. And it's terrible for my neighbours.

Currently, what I do is when they get active, I close them in the smallest room - the bathroom. They miau for 5 minutes, hit the door... but eventually they go to sleep. However, I feel bad to do this.

I've tried feeding them earlier (last meal at 19-20). I tried feeding them late (last meal at 23). I tried playing with them for over 1h with all sorts of toys - around 9PM. It's great, at 10 they go to sleep, wake up an 2AM and go crazy again.

I tried keeping them awake during the day, but... I still have to work. Every time I stop giving them attention, they just go to sleep.   


Usually I try to hit the bed around 11 - where I stay 1h longer reading. Sometimes they come sleep with me, sometimes they don't...

Note: They also have a small window of crazy activity in the morning, around 8. But it ends after I feed them (usually at 8:30) - they just go to sleep after.

Is it bad to lock them out, every night, hoping they just go to sleep and in time adjust their schedule? What else can I do?"
1034,CatAdvice,How to train an outdoor cat to come in at night?,"Family member only wants an outdoor cat, will not get one if it’s indoor. I hate the idea because it’s not as safe for the cats, but figure an imperfect home is better than being at a shelter.

They live in a rural area so predators are a potential issue but cars less so. They have a place for the cats to go at night, with bedding and food and litter. How to train the  cats to associate that area as home? Is it better for them to get kittens or an adult cat? Any advice for keeping their cats safe? They will listen to advice but I only have indoor cats and they have flat out said no indoor cats"
1035,CatAdvice,Cat has all of a sudden started peeing on my toddlers play mat and toys,"

I have an 14 year old cat who’s all of a sudden started deficating and urinating only on my toddler sons playmat and toys which is in the living room 

This started in Monday maybe, the only thing that’s changed is we removed the playpen which surrounded it and got rid of the cabinet next to it as my son has learned to climb 

She does it in front of us and the runs off, she still uses her litter box once or twice a day 

We took her to to vets but they couldn’t get her a blood test as she got distressed so taking her back next week 

We’ve been soaking the area in simple solution cat stain remover I’m at my wits end I don’t know what to do 

I don’t have the hands spare to clean it up without my child getting in it, I can’t do this everyday. It’s becoming such a problem,

Her litter is in cellar which she can get too as she also has her food in there, this is the only place we can really put it which stops the baby getting to it

Is there anything else we can try whilst waiting for the vet appointment to see if there’s a medical issue"
1036,CatAdvice,does my kitty understand that I protected her,[removed]
1037,CatAdvice,Cat starts squinting for seemingly no reason at random intervals,[removed]
1038,CatAdvice,Cosequin for senior cat,[removed]
1039,CatAdvice,UPDATE- neglected and abused cat,[removed]
1040,CatAdvice,Feeling torn up about potentially having to put our cat down,[removed]
1041,CatAdvice,"UPDATE- neglected, abused cat",[removed]
1042,CatAdvice,UPDATE,[removed]
1043,CatAdvice,good water fountain?,"anyone have suggestions for a good water fountain for my kitties? they love to drink from the faucets, but i worry they won't get enough water if i'm not around to turn it on (they do get wet food so they do still get moisture). but a lot of fountains have bad reviews about the pump dying quickly or filters getting scummy and moldy, so i'm not sure what to go with."
1044,CatAdvice,Rash/bald spot on cat's head?,[removed]
1045,CatAdvice,My cat keeps scratching her ears - advice needed,[removed]
1046,CatAdvice,New cat won’t stop running/meowing,"I got a new cat yesterday. He isn’t scared at all he’s super loving and playful but when I’m not playing with him or he’s sleeping he runs back and forth in the apartment and meowing. The running doesn’t bother me at all but I think the meowing is bothering my roommate. Any ideas why he won’t stop meowing? He’s 7 months old, fixed, on the same food as the shelter, uses his litter box no problem"
1047,CatAdvice,My cat bites me really hard even during play?,[removed]
1048,CatAdvice,Why has my cat suddenly become very clingy?,[removed]
1049,CatAdvice,Can Older Cats Get Along With Kittens?,[removed]
1050,CatAdvice,Kitten meowing all night.,I got this kitten from my parents. Born from my childhood cat and another random cat in the neighborhood. Anyways he sits at my door and meows for hours. He also keeps getting on my head and waking me up from clawing my scalp also biting my earlobe. We have another cat that he hasn’t formally met and get along with. The adult cat hisses and growls. Meanwhile my kitten just charges her then they scream at the top of their lungs. Any advice to get them to meet. How do I prevent my cat from meowing all night to let him out… I never open the door or get him what he wants anymore because he would do it more. Also how do I keep him off my tv stand/table… He keeps knocking my tv over.
1051,CatAdvice,My kitten won't stop peeing outside the litter box,[removed]
1052,CatAdvice,Trying to make semi-feral cats more trusting/loving,[removed]
1053,CatAdvice,is it cruel to raise a cat in a 20m studio apartment?,[removed]
1054,CatAdvice,My car loves my phone charger…but only at night?,"Currently writing this at 5 am because my girl recently seemingly out of no where as developed a love of playing with cords. but not just any cords, my phone charger. however, the weird thing is, she only really wants to play with it at night. she’ll jump onto my bed at random points while i’m dead asleep and claw and naw at the cord. i’m not sure what to do. the charger is like right next to my head when i have my phone plugged in so she basically jumps on my face which obviously wakes me up. i’ve tried plugging in the charger behind my bed so she can’t see or have access to the entire cord. no use, she will still come up and seemingly dig for the charger. i know this isn’t like the worst thing ever. but it is very inconvenient because i haven’t been able to sleep very well because she jumps onto me as i sleep, i can hear her right next to my head clawing for the cord and eventually nawing, and ofc i’m worried she’ll eat a part of the cord that could be dangerous so i can’t allow myself to fall into a deep sleep. i’m sure she’s partly doing this all for attention, which is obviously lacking since i’m sleeping, because she has never exhibited this behavior before. Any advice? how do i make sure she’s occupied while also making sure my charger doesn’t get chewed up and stop working?"
1055,CatAdvice,Should I let my kitten hide somewhere inaccessible?,[removed]
1056,CatAdvice,Can I re-bond with my cat,
1057,CatAdvice,Keeping a ferrel cat warm with technology,[removed]
1058,CatAdvice,Cat shelves - can normal shelves be used and how?,[removed]
1059,CatAdvice,"Cat keeps biting me, can someone help?",It’s not hard or mean but it does leave marks. Sometimes when I try to pet him be grabs onto my hand and gives me a little bite and kicks my arm with his legs. Am I doing something wrong?
1060,CatAdvice,Kitten loves destroying palm plant,[removed]
1061,CatAdvice,My cat gets very vocal and aggressive when neading,Just randomly like about a week ago this started happening not really sure what happened not sure if it’s bad either just a random different behavior … anyone else cat do this???
1062,CatAdvice,"I bought Tofu Cat Litter, but it's mixed with Bentonite Clay","So a shop I used to buy pretty cheap and affordable Tofu Cat Litter shop closed down and I needed to search up another shop that sold the same brand.

(The brand of cat Litter I use is this Korean brand, so I can't really type out its name.)

So I went ahead, found a shop, selling the same brand and all and bought 7 bags and to my disdain, they were mixed with Bentonite Clay.

The reason why I love using Tofu Cat Litter is because its flush able and all. There's stricter trash segregation laws in where I live, and sometimes, garbage trucks don't come for literal months to get our trash. Tofu Cat Litter is appealing to me because of how easy to clean it is.

I went back to the shop, and well turns out, the shop does in fact state that they do mix the cat litter with bentonite clay. 89% is Tofu Cat Litter and 11% is Bentonite (or so the product says). I simply just didn't pay attention, since I was more focused on searching for the same brand I liked. 

It's on me and I'll take the L on that one. But I'm still uncomfortable of using the cat litter, especially in the idea of flushing down bentonite down the toilet.

I guess I'm just asking for advice on what should I do?"
1063,CatAdvice,2 month and 6 month cat,Will a 2 and 6 month cat get along easily?  I have the 2 and want to foster so it has a friend.  It’s the closest age I could get
1064,CatAdvice,Help! *Cat flea*,[removed]
1065,CatAdvice,Advice,How can I get my cat to stop eating and getting into stuff he shouldn’t be eating
1066,CatAdvice,My Kitten Seems to Be Avoiding Me,"Ever since yesterday my kitten (8 weeks) has been avoiding me. One of my cousin's kitten came over to our house, which is funny because both of our cats happen to be siblings. They didn't quite get along so well and mine got quite aggressive and started attacking her after their cat hissed at mine. My cat noticed I let her play with his toys and held her and he got super jealous and now he's been avoiding me. He's fine with everybody else in my house but me. He doesn't want to play with me, he doesn't make eye contact with me anymore and doesn't want to be in my arms either. However, with the rest of my family members, he's been very friendly with them. 

I don't know what to do and don't know how to make him stop acting like this. I gave him treats but the second he's done, he still gives me sass haha."
1067,CatAdvice,When is too soon to go on a holiday after adopting a cat?,[removed]
1068,CatAdvice,Planning to foster kittens…hopefully?,[removed]
1069,CatAdvice,Cat scab any advice? Will pst pic in comments.,[removed]
1070,CatAdvice,Kitty sisters growling and hissing at each other in new environment,"My cats are litter mates and I adopted them together 10 years ago. They have been best of friends their entire lives. Inevitably if one comes back from the vet smelling a bit funny there is some hissing but they sleep together and play together and seem to genuinely love each other. 

In the past I’ve traveled with them to visit my parents in a different state. It’s a long drive but they don’t seem to mind it too much and on previous visits they were a bit stressed upon arrival to my parents house (they had 2 cats and 2 dogs) but after some time would venture out of my room and my parents pets would come into my room. They never liked my parents pets but they seemed to tolerate one another without too much fuss. 

This year my parents have moved to a smaller house and adopted a new and much bolder car than their other two. While my cats are isolated in their own room with me, they are constantly growling and hissing at each other and even fighting. I hate to see them this uncomfortable without even each other to lean on so to speak. It’s late now but I’m planning on buying feliway tomorrow but unfortunately won’t be able to keep them separated because the new house is too small. Is there anything else I can do to help them feel safe and loved and not scared of each other?"
1071,CatAdvice,Wrong household for growing cat,"We have a 5 month old family cat that my brother brought home a month ago (funded by our parents and me), and so he refers to her as “his cat.” He accepted full responsibility beforehand since he really wanted a cat.

I have a problem with how he takes care of his cat. She gets food and water on somewhat of a schedule, and receives lots of cuddles (when she is open to receiving them). However, my brother never plays with “his cat” and she has destroyed a few household objects because of the lack of activity.

She also jumps and scratches and so if she isn’t distracted by play then she is with him in his room while he is on his laptop or phone. 

She meows and paws at the door a lot but he claims it’s just for “attention” and she doesn’t need nearly as much physical activity as I “think she does” even though I’ve done research and spoke with two animal behaviorists on this subject and he’s admitted to doing “no research,” but he still knows “better than” me.

The rest of the household plays with the cat when we can, but one member has an IDD and is scared of the cat because my brother doesn’t “believe in training” and won’t do anything for when she jumps on people except 1) tell the person she is jumping on that it’s not a big deal and 2) take her back to his room and do nothing to help her get her energy out.

I feel so fucking bad for this cat and Idk what to do. Whenever I tell him this has to change he doesn’t see a problem with it. What’s the point of a family pet if the family can’t even enjoy the pet and vice versa?"
1072,CatAdvice,Revolution plus on kittens questions.,[removed]
1073,CatAdvice,After surgery….,[removed]
1074,CatAdvice,Lilies gifted in Thanksgiving centerpiece bouquet… what to do.,"
TLDR: can a bouquet with lilies in it be on the table at dinner and then put away, with a cat in the house? Google is giving me mixed results. 

I have a cat and was gifted a thanksgiving bouquet centerpiece for dinner tomorrow as it’s hosted at my house. I looked at the bouquet and it’s full of lilies- tiger and natal. I know how poisonous they are to cats and have actively avoided them. The bouquet is now locked away in a room. He hasn’t touched it or gone near it. 

Is it safe to put the bouquet on the table tomorrow for dinner and then return it to the locked room? I have been reading mixed statements on google about exposure type/time and the correlation between poisoning. I will obviously get rid of the bouquet all together if it is deemed unsafe to have out on the table for a few hours- but want to try to be courteous as the people that gifted it to me will be at dinner."
1075,CatAdvice,New to Cats: Ignorantly thought I could leave my kitten home alone for 5 days for the holidays.,"Need some advice: I left at 12pm cst today for a 3 hour drive to my hometown and was planning on coming back sunday evening. I am assuming that is a very bad idea and I cannot let this happen even once? Should I drive back home on friday? I was having a friends giving on sunday with people I have seen in a year.

There is no one that can drop in and see her and I do know she has plenty of food and water for those days.

Please let me know your suggestions."
1076,CatAdvice,How can I get my kitten to use the litterbox?,[removed]
1077,CatAdvice,How much should I feed my cat?,"He just turned one on 11/7 and is currently 15.8 lbs. He is a big cat but he is not obese (he is pretty lean and long). I’ve taken him to the vet and they said he is healthy. I used to feed him wet food 2x a day and free feed him dry food but since he is now an adult I’m supposed to cut back on his food. Currently, I am giving him Sheba wet food 1 serving x3 a day and about 1/4 cup of dry food (although he only eats about half of his dry food most days. I forgot to ask my vet for advice on feeding, so here I am on reddit."
1078,CatAdvice,Kitten shivering and skinny,[removed]
1079,CatAdvice,Are some cats happier as loners?,[removed]
1080,CatAdvice,I'm worried about my cat,[removed]
1081,CatAdvice,Cat babysitting,"Hello everyone, I am babysitting a kitten for a friend. I have isolated him in my room and left the door slightly ajar when rushing to get a package. I came back relatively quick but found all 3 kitties hissing, growling, and aggressive with each other. I immediately separated them, however my two resident cats have been growling and hissing at each other since the afternoon. How can I mend their relationship? This baby will be going home in 72 hours but I just wanted to hear some opinions. Thank you"
1082,CatAdvice,Could this be why she’s meowing?,[removed]
1083,CatAdvice,Transporting cats on a 3.5 hr drive to move to a new place???,"Best way to make them comfortable? I have 2 cats and 2 carriers but I feel the carriers are a little small for such a long drive. It's fine when they go to the vet who is close. One cat is 14lbs the other is 20, we have the largest cat carriers we could find. Do they need to potty or have food/water for a long drive? Or will they be too stressed to do any of that? The very large cat can scream very loud for 5 hrs straight, no breaks (his record thus far and he starts screaming as soon as he gets in carrier and it's closed). How do the people in the car, especially the driver keep sane and calm with screaming cat? 

And then when we get to the new place how to help cats adjust to new home?? The screamer likes to mark his territory with pee despite being neutered, I would prefer him not to pee everywhere."
1084,CatAdvice,My cat wont eat. Vet determined he is not sick. Desperate for advice.,[removed]
1085,CatAdvice,"Two 6 month old outdoor kittens, one injured one missing. Can the injured one help me find the missing one?",[removed]
1086,CatAdvice,new cat was eating but isn’t eating anymore? plus strange head shaking and scratching behaviors?,[removed]
1087,CatAdvice,Cat bullying?,"I recently adopted an 8 week old kitten (Susan) &amp; brought her home to my apartment. I currently live with my partner &amp; his 2 year old cat (Fork). I did my best to take things slow but my partner is a little less… cautious than I am, so they met fairly quickly and after a bit of hissing from Fork he quietened down. 

Now, my concern is this. Fork is a big cat and he’s not well socialised (in my opinion). He isn’t affectionate, rarely comes near us, is very shy in new situations, but is quite energetic. I do my best to play with him and provide him mental stimulation but he never tires. When he tries to “play” with the kitten he is quite rough and he also never leaves her alone. He follows her (and I) from room to room and completely fixated on her. When he approaches and tries to play/bop her, she doesn’t want to engage but he keeps going, chasing her around and getting rougher and rougher. 

Previously, my partner and Fork lived in a shared flat with an older cat who didn’t want anything to do with him but he would just follow her around and paw at her, never backing off even when she hissed at him. He wasn’t aggressive per se but it was almost like “how much can I annoy this other cat”.

I’m doing my best to reward Fork when he is gentle and “punish” him when he’s rough but separating them and closing the door, but I’m concerned he’s bullying her. 

So is this something to be concerned about?"
1088,CatAdvice,I’m losing it as I watch my cat die in front of my eyes.,[removed]
1089,CatAdvice,I’m losing it watch my cat die in front of my eyes.,[removed]
1090,CatAdvice,Cat suddenly VERY angry/defensive/scared,[removed]
1091,CatAdvice,"We took in 3 feral cats, the one with three kittens in running around like crazy, what do?",[removed]
1092,CatAdvice,Need advice on an anxious kitty as a first time owner.,"Tldr at bottom

Im a first time cat owner to a loveley 2yr old tabby we will call Cat. I absolutely adore Cat she looks so cute and always wants to be pet or sleep, but she is also very very anxious. Today was supposed to be her first vet appointment but I messed up and couldnt get her in a harness. Shortly after, I failed to grab Cat up in a towel and stupidly tried chasing her around. She's currently curled up next to me but I feel like I traumatized her. How have you all dealt with anxious cats? And how do you prevent them from hating you? Anything helpful for anxious cats is welcome, not just carrier stuff.

tldr: how to get anxious cat into carrier without traumatizing her? Also, how to not feel bad about trying to help her in ways she doesnt want?"
1093,CatAdvice,Cat jealousy issue,"Do cats really love you? I've had 3 kittens for a little over a year. 2 of my cats act super loving toward me- they always cuddle, want to be pet, follow me around all the time, so much purring, kneading me, sleep on me every night, cry every time I close the door to the bathroom, etc! I love them so much and think the world of them! The other one is so sweet, just not as cuddly or attached to me. Right now I am on vacation for 9 days overseas and had to bring my cats to a sitter. The cat sitter had been great and she's been sending lots of videos and pictures of my kittens doing the same loving behavior toward her. Although I'm very happy they are not feeling sad or lonely, I feel extremely jealous, like the same feeling I got in high school when a boy I liked paid attention to someone else. I thought it was me they loved, but is it just a thing cats like that would do to anyone???? I know it's a silly and selfish feeling, but I still feel it. Thank you!"
1094,CatAdvice,Introducing Cats When One is Deaf,"My husband and I each moved into our new home a year ago with our cats: Toby (14+ yo, and completely deaf) and Moxie (5ish yo). We have tried to introduce them multiple times with the Jackson Galaxy method. It just doesn't seem to work because when Moxie hisses or growls, Toby straight up cannot tell and continues getting up in her face. He definitely wants to be friends and she is just ticked off since he seemingly ignores her warning vocalizations. Lots of chasing and swatting ensues because she tries to run away and he corners her.

Thus far after trying we have just gone back to having a schedule for who has access to the rest of the house outside of their rooms; they alternate days. Sigh. We will keep them separate forever if we have to but really would love to be able to have both cats in laps in the same room simultaneously!

We have the next few days off of work and are pondering if we should just open both doors and let them figure it out amongst themselves while we are here to separate them if we need to. How do we know if their interactions are what's to be expected vs being harmful to them?  Is the fact that we are stressed out by the prospect of one of them getting hurt going to affect how the introduction goes? Any help is appreciated!"
1095,CatAdvice,Changed my cat diet and she lost 300 grams in 1 week,"
I am super worried. She looks okay and playful as usual, I fed her a bit more today and I increased her meals portion again.

I am concerned about fatty liver. Is there anything else I should do?"
1096,CatAdvice,Need help bonding with new shelter kitty,"I recently adopted a shelter cat (from a feral cat colony - he was injured and had his leg amputated, upon which he was sent to a shelter). He is about 4 years old, and a neutered male. 

When we met shelter cat and first brought him home, he was skittish but open to petting and really seemed to enjoy it. 

We currently have a 13 yr old domesticated neutered male who has been the only cat in his household. 

After introducing the two of them (slow intros, scent swapping, separate rooms, visual through gate), shelter cat started hissing at humans and now does not allow any human contact, swatting and biting us if we try. He has not really been improving, despite being extremely food motivated. He will eat near us, but runs away immediately after finishing his food/treats. 

The two cats have been hissing/meowing at each other and are very wary of each other, despite eating on opposite sides of the gate. We have installed pheromone diffusers and consulted many online resources to no avail. 

Is it just a matter of time? (Its been almost a full month) Or something else? Mostly I am concerned about shelter kitty’s personality shift towards humans. How can we get him to trust us more? Why such a drastic shift towards petting?"
1097,CatAdvice,Help calming in the car,"Hello! My cat and I will be traveling two hours in the car to visit my parents for Christmas next month. She hates the car, so I was wondering if anyone had any suggestions for calming products (treats, collars, etc) that work with their kitties. Thanks!"
1098,CatAdvice,6 month old kitten not eating much,[removed]
1099,CatAdvice,UTI/Antibiotic Shot,[removed]
1100,CatAdvice,Need advice ref cat sitting,"Hi 

My aunt has given me her house key to go twice a day and feed her cat for 18 days. Ive been doing it for just over a week now but I can tell the poor guy is getting sad, he meows a lot when I come by and is so needy for strokes. What do I do? I try to stay as long as I can but never seems enough for him"
1101,CatAdvice,Would my cat prefer staying home or going to my parents for thanksgiving?,"I’m leaving tonight and will be out of my house for over a full day. 

She has an auto feeder and litter box, and a bed in front of the heater, but I don’t want her to be lonely. My parents live an hour drive away and have her sister as a pet. They were never super close but they don’t attack each other. I have a cage to transport her, but she meows the entire drive. I left her alone for a few days before but I felt bad the entire time"
1102,CatAdvice,"Cat being aggressive towards us, not sure why.",[removed]
1103,CatAdvice,What’s my cats weird fur pattern about?,[removed]
1104,CatAdvice,My kitten is annoying me,[removed]
1105,CatAdvice,Kitten becoming more vocal after her siblings were adopted,[removed]
1106,CatAdvice,"Cat of 2 years got spooked by movers, now she's completely different pt 2",[removed]
1107,CatAdvice,Does anyone have any advice on taking care of a (most likely) pregnant cat?,[removed]
1108,CatAdvice,Bonded Pair (Spaying/Neutering),[removed]
1109,CatAdvice,Tense negotiations between 2 y/o resident cat and new ten week old kitten.,[removed]
1110,CatAdvice,"neglected, abused cat","To keep things short, around 2 weeks ago i came across a male cat who had puss in his eyes and wounds in his ear. It was freezing outside and he was soaking wet. I was actually going to the neighbours house (let’s call her Alison) and Alison told me that the owners leave this cat outside all the time. They don’t care for it and only use it for breeding to make money. She also told me that they have a female cat that they keep indoors but they’ve bred this cat around 7/8 times and the cat is 5 years old. My heart broke for them both and the male cat was so friendly, he kept trying to get inside my car and sit on my bonnet just for the engine warmth. Alison has rang the RSPCA and the local council multiple times but they haven’t done anything. I also rang RSPCA on the same day i saw him and i sent pictures of him to them and they still haven’t done anything yet. However, my problem is that it’s getting colder here in the UK and it’s only a matter of time before this poor cat dies from negelect. I personally don’t think anything’s going to be done about this so i’m seriously contemplating pulling up one day and just taking him. He needs serious vet attention and somewhere warm to recover. Alison told me that the cat isn’t microchipped or even flead and wormed, and the owners are very hostile so approaching them and asking them for the cat if they don’t want it is out of the question. 

Basically, I was wondering if I should actually take him? And what can i do to avoid getting caught? Because morally i just can’t leave that cat there to die. 
Or if there is a better suited subreddit to post this on please direct me to it!
Thanks in advance"
1111,CatAdvice,Advice for 2 cats moving into a new space together!,"Hi everyone! I am about to move out of my parent's house and into an apartment with 2 roommates. However, I have a cat and one of my roommates has a cat, too. Both of our cats have never lived with another cat, but mine currently lives with two dogs. I am about them fighting or getting territorial over the new space. My cat has always lived in the same house, so I'm a little worried about that too. Any advice on getting the two cats used to each other and/or advice on how to get the cats warmed up to the new space is greatly appreciated!"
1112,CatAdvice,need advice on getting a 2nd cat!,"My partner and I have been on and off discussing the possibility of getting a second kitten. We currently have a 7-month-old gray(domestic short hair) wonderful, chatty and playful girl. We love her so much and feel like she would be great with a friend. She's rarely (if ever) aggressive or scared.

I've read a good amount of dialogue about introducing new cats to older cats- however, I'd love some opinions about introducing young to young. We have ample space to separate them and take our time with introductions (I am currently a student and do not begin working minimal hours until spring). We also wouldn't adopt a new kitten until January, as I will be out of town for the month.

I'm looking for any advice you may have or experience with doing this process."
1113,CatAdvice,spayed 8yo cat spraying out of no where.,[removed]
1114,CatAdvice,Cat is very spicy,[removed]
1115,CatAdvice,The adoption process / means testing is absolutely obnoxious,[removed]
1116,CatAdvice,Need potty advice for a foster kitten,[removed]
1117,CatAdvice,Our new cat wont stop meowing,[removed]
1118,CatAdvice,May Need to Move to Asia Next Year…. But I have some Kittens.,[removed]
1119,CatAdvice,Cat eating grass every time she goes outside and vomiting?,[removed]
1120,CatAdvice,Upset tummy,"Hi guys I was wondering if you could help.

If I ring the vet they'll most likely say bring my boy in but if I do that he gets very stressed and had cystitis in the past so I'm worried the stress will cause a flare up.

He is a 4 year old male on prescribed food for the previous issue of cystitis. He's a greedy boy too always face first in the bowl. He is a indoor cat so has not got hold of anything he shouldn't have.

He has had a upset tummy 3 days. First day he went and it was like soft serve and slightly yellow but not alarming. He then went twice more that evening and was pure liquid. 

Second day exactly the same as his first but this day he didn't eat all day. Also wasn't himself.

Ge started eating again yesterday smaller amounts but something. Yesterday it was just like soft serve and normal colour. 

Today he is eating a little still. Is much more himself, alert, playful, wants fuss. Even had 100 percent chicken breast treats. But he's been 3 times today. 2 times like soft serve but a little more put together. Then this evening so almost the 4th day now it was slightly yellow again, some formation but more liquid then earlier today. 

I'm not sure wether he's actually on the mend or I should take him up tomorrow. In himself he's doing better but the slightly worse last poo worries me.

Everytime he goes to the vet and for the whole journey he meows, shakes and pants. Then comes home and shakes for hours. 

Also money is a issue. I do have a little and I do have insurance but it's the kind you pay upfront and claim back. I can attach photos of poop but I'm not sure you'd want to see. 

Haven't seen him drink too much but he's had some and has been licking the gravy of his food."
1121,CatAdvice,Blisters around spay line?,[removed]
1122,CatAdvice,Do I take my kitten home with me for Christmas?,[removed]
1123,CatAdvice,Feral kittens in socialization process: When to let them out of their enclosure to explore/roam the room they’re in.,"TLDR: I took in a litter of 3 feral kittens, they’re 2 months old, 2 females, 1 male. I’ve been taking care of them with the hope of socializing them and giving them out for adoption. Their socialization process has been slow. I want to know when the right time to let them out into my bedroom is, their enclosure is in my bedroom. 

▪️(Female) Kitten 1 
Arrived October 25-
I started to let her out into the room 2 weeks ago but now I only let her out to sleep on the bed. When let out in my room, very playful and active on her own but gets scared easily and runs and hides when I walk into the room, when there’s sounds or sometimes if I move. Sometimes she’ll let me pet her but most of the time she won’t stay and will run off. Seems antsy to be loose in the room. Used to be cuddlier when she arrived. The one with the most progress, lets me pick her up most of the time when in the enclosure, sleeps on my bed but not very cuddly.  

▪️(Male) Kitten 2 
Arrived November 7- 
Has bitten me hard 3 times, they day he arrived and the day after a vet visit. This kitten has had the slowest progress of all three. He’ll stay on my lap to eat but will want off as soon as he’s done eating. I pet him when he eats. Usually doesn’t let me pet him when I reach in the enclosure. Does eat from my hand. Strong, if he runs I have to let him go, he’ll bite, wiggle and scratch otherwise. 

▪️(Female?) Kitten 3
Arrived November 15-I can pet her sometimes while she’s in the enclosure. Sometimes she watches me intently and up until recently, her eyes dilated most of the time I was near, not as much now, I look away. She’ll stay on my lap a little while after feeding and I’ll pet her. Will eat from my hand. 

➖They all seem to want to be out in the room and get really curious when kitten 1 is out but since I don’t know when the right time to introduce them to my bedroom is, I stopped letting Kitten 1 out. I’d really appreciate your advice on this or if you have any feral kitten advice in general, I’ll gladly welcome it, it’s been hard."
1124,CatAdvice,My cat hates wet food. Is mixing 1/8 cup water with his dry food good enough to keep him hydrated?,"Title. I have tried roughly 10 different brands of wet food and he refuses to eat more than a few bites. He loves dry food, however. I have got into a habit of mixing some water (roughly 1/8 cup) with his dry food and he slurps that down without any issues. Is this an acceptable substitute for wet food? TIA"
1125,CatAdvice,My cat has been choking while drinking water,[removed]
1126,CatAdvice,Pee problems,[removed]
1127,CatAdvice,What's the best tracking collar for a kitten?,"I just got a kitten this week and he's very energetic and I'm scared I'm going  lose him in my house. I got him a bell collar and he was fine at first and took a nap with it but then freaked out after he woke up... so now I need a alternative. 

Any suggestions will be greatly appreciated  :)"
1128,CatAdvice,Ways to occupy smart cats?,[removed]
1129,CatAdvice,Why does my cat bring me the same toy every night?,"So, my husband and I adopted 2 kittens a little over a year ago. A boy and a girl, they’re a little over a year old now. We also moved about 5 months ago and ever since getting into our new apartment, our male cat, Pippin, has been doing this thing where he’ll bring us one of his toys, a stick with a bell and rope attached and feathers on the end. Every time he does this he starts meowing and will find us wherever we are in the apartment and usually won’t stop until we make some acknowledgment of it. He never did this before we moved and our female cat doesn’t do this either. I’ve had cats most of my life and never experienced it, but this is the first time I’ve had fully indoor cats, so maybe that has something to do with it. It’s been increasing in frequency to the point that he does this almost every night. A few minutes after we get in bed, we’ll hear him start meowing and dragging the toy down the hall. About half the time he’ll jump on the bed to bring us the toy and once we say hi to him, he just lays down like normal. This happens occasionally (about every few days) during the day as well. It’s not a problem but I have also noticed that when he does this, he’ll sometimes make a motion kind of like he’s trying to cough up a hairball but doesn’t make any sound and doesn’t drop the toy when he does this. I’m just really curious and wondering if it’s something to do with him being a male cat or if I should be concerned? TIA for any insight!"
1130,CatAdvice,"Is this breeder being cruel, and how to confront them?",[removed]
1131,CatAdvice,Air mattress protectors?,Going to have an air mattress set up for awhile. I'm thinking about getting two of those mattress protectors to protect it from my cats. Do you think that would double the amount of protection?
1132,CatAdvice,"New kitten, older cat not eating really",[removed]
1133,CatAdvice,"2 girls and 1 boy cat, can I just get the boy fixed?","Hey all, I was wondering if it would be okay to only get my boy fixed (for now). Eventually when I scrape enough money, I can get the girls fixed two, and I've scheduled a neutering in two days for him, but what would happen if the girls are unspayed?"
1134,CatAdvice,How can I get my 5 year old female cat to stop biting my houseguests' hands?,"She's a very sweet cat but she gets overstimulated very easily. She'll approach strangers acting lovey and wanting pets but then she flips the switch almost immediately to Play Mode and will try to bite/scratch at their hands. 

I know she isn't doing it maliciously and she does it to me at times which I personally don't mind too much even though it can be sort of annoying at times. But it startles some of my guests and she sometimes gets a bit carried away and bites a bit too hard and it actually hurts. 

Any tips on things I can do when I'm alone with her to try to get her out of this habit? I've been working on making it obvious that she hurt my hand if she bites too hard and will stop petting her and turn away from her and try to pet her again once she's calmed down, trying to reward her with affection when she let's me pet her without biting. 

This seems to be helping a little bit maybe, but it's hard to tell since I don't have guests over very often. 

I just want everybody to see what a lovey sweet cat she is, and I want her to get all the pets in the world. She's always so confused about why they stop petting her :("
1135,CatAdvice,What was with that cat?,[removed]
1136,CatAdvice,Mom cat being aggressive - help!,[removed]
1137,CatAdvice,Can I introduce a 7 week old male kitten to my 16 week old female cat?,"3 months ago myself and my husband rescued a kitten who is approximately 16 weeks old. We don't have any other pets and our kitten has been a small bit destructive while bored and tends to try to get us to play and wrestle with her but she can be a bit rough so we have decided that another kitten would be good for her.

We had decided a female kitten would be best but we found a 7 week old male who is being hand reared by a foster carer as he is also a rescue. Do you think a male kitten and female kitten would work well together? I wouldn't want to upset our current cat. 

Additional information: we have her booked in to be neutered, we would also neuter the boy if we take him and both cats would be fully indoors."
1138,CatAdvice,Kitten with feline coronavirus,"I’ve been looking to get a kitten and I’ve been told the litter from which I’m getting from has had feline coronavirus and had symptoms of diarrhoea, however they have now cleared up and they are better. The kittens are now 4 months old. I have done some research and seen that 10% of kittens with feline coronavirus develop FIP and this does worry me. I currently have no other cats at home so I’m not worried about the virus spreading and the kitten will be a house cat as he is pedigree. However I’m just wondering if I could get some advice on wether or not to go through with getting the new kitty as I’m not sure I could deal with the heartbreak if he did get poorly. Does anyone have any experience with kittens having coronavirus and surviving a normal healthy life?"
1139,CatAdvice,"Gf's cat won't stop meowing or ""grunting"" at night, is it normal?","My girlfriend rescued her cat ChiChi last winter, she used to work for a delivery company and found ChiChi outside under a porch of a house. The owner of the house said the cat already had 2 litters of kittens, and is only 2 years old. Since ChiChi has been rescued she's gone into heat twice, we haven't been able to get her spayed because of financial reasons. ChiChi just ended another heat cycle and now will not let my GF sleep at night due to constant meowing and ""grunting"", as my GF explains it. This is the first it's happening since ending a heat cycle for her which is why it's so unusual for my GF. Is it normal for ChiChi to develop this kind of behavior?"
1140,CatAdvice,keeping new cat in my walk in closet?,"i have two cats who i love so dearly. ive had my resident cat for about 2 months and just adopted a new kitty about a week ago. resident cat is perfect, new kitty is almost perfect other than her nightly shenanigans. my boyfriend is letting me live with him temporarily until i find my own place, and he is getting quite agitated with both me and my new kitty because she keeps us up all night. im wondering if it would be ethical to keep her in my walk in closet throughout the night if i put all her essentials in there. im in a studio apartment with no other rooms. the closet is quite spacious, but it does get quite cold. rehoming her isnt an option for me, looking for suggestions."
1141,CatAdvice,Ways to stop my cat from getting down and dirty with the other two before I can get him neutered,"Hey all, I have three kittens (all around 8 months old), one boy and two girls. Last night my partner discovered that the male was trying to get frisky with one of the others, and she was not happy about this.

For now we've moved the boy and an extra litter box into a separate room, and the girls are staying with each other in the cat room. I'm not sure how soon I will be able to get an appointment to get him neutered but for now, what steps can I take to keep him from jumping the girls' bones?"
1142,CatAdvice,Cat is too cute,[removed]
1143,CatAdvice,"My cat doesn't eat from the bowl, but she eats from my hand or from a spoon","She used to eat from bowls, so I don't know why she suddenly stopped.

She'll only eat from my hand or when I put a spoon in front of her. I'm a bit busy so I can't hand-feed or spoon-feed her every morning and night. What can I do?"
1144,CatAdvice,Behaviour after neutering,"My cat recently got neutered. He sleeps all day and doesn’t play, eat, drink much. He goes to pee/poop about once a day. I’m worried. Is this normal? Should i take him to the vet?"
1145,CatAdvice,Stop cat from scratching bedroom door at night?,[removed]
1146,CatAdvice,Only male cats like me,"I’m a male in my 20s. I like cats, I like dogs too but I think cats are a little better. Anyways, I’ve never had a female cat like me. Ever. Male cats on the other hand love me, my sister has a male cat that hates everyone but her, I house sat for her and he loved me and my whole family was shocked. Whenever I’m at someone house who has cats the males love me and the females avoid me or hiss at me. I went to a shelter the other day to look for a cat of my own and most of the males liked me but not a single female wanted anything to do with me. Does anyone have any idea why that is? I didn’t know which cats were male/female but every time one liked me the shelter lady would say it was a male."
1147,CatAdvice,To someone who knows,"Hello, just wanna ask to someone proffesional here. We have a cat named hiro. He loves to eat dry food at the age of 1 month old. tho, hindi naman lagi yon. as the time goes by. Nagkaroon siya ng sira sa ngipin. ngayon, lumala nang lumala yung sira niya hanggang sa naapektuhan yung way of eating. Nagtanong kami sa vet kung magkano yung check-up, sinabi niya na 4500 kasama na yung procedure na gagawin nila. As a college student, wala akong ganong halaga. Pinapa-inom ko siya ngayon ng tubig na may dextrose powder kasi sobrang dehydrated na siya. Other than that, may home remedies ba na pwedeng gawin? salamat sa makakasagot."
1148,CatAdvice,Kitty in heat,
1149,CatAdvice,Co-Ownership of Cat Microchip Registration,Hi! My vet recommended that we should register our cat’s microchip just in case something happened to him. I was going to register my cat’s microchip under my name but my husband also wanted to be put onto the contact list as well. I was looking through some companies to register our cat’s microchip onto but there weren’t any options to have two contacts or co-ownership of the cat. I was wondering if this is just how microchipping works or if there are any companies that allow two contacts to be registered. Thanks!
1150,CatAdvice,Roommate spilled candle wax on cat tail,[removed]
1151,CatAdvice,Cat pooing inside since house move,"Hi guys 

So my cat Blue is a very well behaved boy and I trained him to go to the toilet outside when he was little with no problems.

I moved house in August and kept him in for 6 weeks with his litter tray. When he started going outside, I got a cat flap fitted and naturally he started finding an outside loo and I took the litter tray away. 

There are some new big bully cats he’s had a few stand offs with and now he’s a bit afraid of going outside, even nipping out to the toilet. He’ll go if I’m out there with him, but I can’t always keep an eye on when he might need to go, and I’m not always in.

I started trying to associate the outside with “good things” so would give him his breakfast outside and sit with him, and have also been hiding treats around the patio which generally keeps him entertained. 

However in the last couple of weeks,  his go-to before he even thinks to go outside is finding corners in the house to go to the toilet. It’s very frustrating for obvious reasons, and this morning I have had to reinstate the litter tray because it’s become such a regular occurrence and I don’t trust him in the house anymore. It doesn’t help that it’s very rainy where I live which is an extra reason he doesn’t always want to go outside. 

I don’t want to have a litter tray forever, and feel like we’re regressing! Has anyone experienced this and have any tips/advice for retraining your cat to go outside / rebuilding lost confidence?

Thanks in advance from a desperate cat lover !"
1152,CatAdvice,Chronic illness and reluctance to take pills,[removed]
1153,CatAdvice,is it a good idea to switch to Origen?,"My cat is on hills prescription biome dry food ever since he saw the vet for his blood poop and it cleared it, but now I want to give him something better since I'm not sure if it's good for him to feed hills gastro bio long term... Since they are both the same price"
1154,CatAdvice,is it a good idea to switch to orijen?,"My cat is on hills prescription biome dry food ever since he saw the vet for his blood poop and it cleared it, but now I want to give him something better since I'm not sure if it's good for him to feed hills gastro bio long term... Since they are both the same price"
1155,CatAdvice,Dhare your best tips :),[removed]
1156,CatAdvice,how do i get my cat to stop burying all the food and water in litter?,"i have two cats, a 1yr old named nubs and a 2.5 yr old named crusty. crusty has always “buried” her food with socks that she would bring over and put over her wet food. nubs started burying the food and water in litter the second both of them were done with it, she doesn’t even eat the wet food. she will see crusty finish her first pick at the wet food (she waits to see if nubs will eat any before going back to finish it) and nubs will kick litter out of the box, and kick it all the way towards the food then kick it into the food, or she will start pushing it to the litter box to bury it. is there any way i can stop this behavior as it is getting expensive between her wasting tons of perfectly good litter and perfectly good food. the food and litter i have right now were gifted to me by some lovely redditers so i don’t want it to go to waste. moving the food or litter is not an option i have no where else to put it."
1157,CatAdvice,When is a feral kitten fully socialized?,[removed]
1158,CatAdvice,"Cat has stitches on her neck right behind her ear, won’t keep e collar on","basically the title, my cat got surgery and has stitches right behind her ear. She isn’t adjusting well to the e collar. Is there anything else I can use instead ? Please let me know thank you"
1159,CatAdvice,Tidy cat breeze litter system leaking,[removed]
1160,CatAdvice,how to tell if they are real fight or playing?,[removed]
1161,CatAdvice,Please help me get my cat to poop in the box…,[removed]
1162,CatAdvice,Leaving ~9 month old cat home alone for the weekend,[removed]
1163,CatAdvice,My cat keeps throwing up but acts totally fine.,[removed]
1164,CatAdvice,Neighbour abandoned cats,"Looking for advice on this situation as I’ve contacted the RSPCA multiple times and they are unwilling to help and never update me. My neighbour has 2 cats (brother and sister) which they have abandoned, I waited 4 months then finally called the RSPCA when she left for 4 days over a weekend and they were left in the freezing cold starving. The last 5 months I’ve had no choice but to feed them or they would starve. I’ve even tried to not feed them for 2 days but they would cry from morning to night meowing at every door and window. Eventually I got to the point where I felt so bad I would cave in and feed them. I knew they weren’t my cats so never wanted to make them feel confused however she completely doesn’t care I have watched her when a delivery man knocks at the door, the cats have ran in and she immediately throws them back outside. It’s not the case she has no money as she constantly gets food deliveries and various parcels. These were house cats but since she got new furniture etc they were kicked outside in the summer. There is a girl that is very needy and she is now at my house day and night doesn’t even leave the garden. The boy however is very feral and looks very depressed, he is very withdrawn he doesn’t like being touched for too long and hides in corners. Within the last days I have seen the RSPCA visiting her yet so I know 100% they are her animals yet nothing has changed. I’ve never been in this situation before and certainly didn’t want to ‘steal’ anyones cats but I could not let poor harmless cats suffer. Now I’ve been looking after the cats the past nearly 6 months they’ve grown on me as a person who has mainly been a dog person previously. Moving forward what should I do?"
1165,CatAdvice,Small Circular bald spots near cats ears,[removed]
1166,CatAdvice,Cat Attention,[removed]
1167,CatAdvice,Keeping my cat comfortable while in heat?,[removed]
1168,CatAdvice,Cat poop unusual color from inside,[removed]
1169,CatAdvice,Soft poops even after a month,[removed]
1170,CatAdvice,Anxious about vet visit,[removed]
1171,CatAdvice,Staticky Cat,[removed]
1172,CatAdvice,Should I surrender my cat or not?,"So I have three cats and I just moved out of my parents house for the first time into a spacious two bedroom apartment by myself. My oldest cat I've had for five years, then there's the ""outside cat"" I took with me who is three years old. Then I have a young one who is only a year and a half. My young one is the kitten of the ""outside cat"" and has been indoors since she was old enough to be separated as I somehow convinced my parents to let her in.

So, the problem is I moved to a new place four days ago and my youngest cat went into shock mode. She stopped eating and was hiding which is very unlike her. She's an energetically playful cat and very, very food motivated so it's depressing to see her like this. She's slowly coming around but her playful energy hasn't been restored and I'm fearful she might be lonely during the day while I'm at work. My apartment is also in a big complex so there are little noises here and there too that she seems to be sensitive to; my parents live in a rural country home with no background noise.

She loves the other two cats, but I think she misses my parents more than anything. My dad gave her a lot of attention and he's retired, so he was home with her all day. Both my parents are not cat people but they love her and practically begged me to let them keep her. Now that she's with me, I'm having doubts on whether or not it's right for me to have her. She doesn't seem like herself and I know she'd probably be happier in her old home with somebody who will be with her all day. But then again, I've had her since she was born and I also love her a lot and would miss her.

Would it be better to bring her back to my parents or keep her? I've been an emotional wreck and so conflicted over this because I don't want to give her up but I want what's best for her. I really want more opinions to help me come to a concrete decision; I know cats are sensitive to change so if I choose to bring her back, I would want to do it soon so that I don't further traumatize her.

Also, for reference, I live two hours away from my parents and would not be able to see her often. Hence, why this is such a big decision for me."
1173,CatAdvice,My cat is HARASSING me with food,[removed]
1174,CatAdvice,Wanting random love in middle of night killing my sleep?,[removed]
1175,CatAdvice,/!\ HELP /!\ Cat has poop stuck on is butt hair,[removed]
1176,CatAdvice,Kitten hisses and bites when I try to pick him up,"So I have a kitten that is about 4 months old. He doesn't like getting picked up unless he is standing, if he is laying down and you try to pick him up he will start slapping you, biting and will even hiss multiple times.

Like last time he laid down on my chair and I had a very important class coming up, when I tried to pick him up he hissed like three times and bit me. 

Again, this only happens when you try to pick him up while he is laying down. Now you can say ""don't pick him up then, but if he doesn't like it"" well what if he is in danger? 

 He was neutered like a month ago btw"
1177,CatAdvice,Need advice for two sick kitties!,"I just adopted a new kitten and when I got her she had a cold which she still has it’s only been three days. I took her to the vet and she’s on antibiotics and eye ointment. Now my other cat has started the cold even though they’ve been separate. It makes me feel terrible that they’re both sick and I can’t  be in the same room with each of them at a time. I’m sure it spread through my clothing, as I’ve been washing my hands frequently. Any advice on how to get them better quickly? Is there anything else I can do at home besides medication and cleaning their faces? Thanks!!"
1178,CatAdvice,"desperate, sad and feel like a bad cat parent","My cat is a 5 year old female,fixed. She's been peeing and pooping in front of and next to the litter box but also peeing and pooping in it. No change in type of litter and no stressful changes within the last 2 years. What should I do? I will be taking her to the vet soon"
1179,CatAdvice,My cat was diagnosed with a congenital disorder today and the vet says it will just get worse...,[removed]
1180,CatAdvice,How to store smelly cat toys?,"odour-proof, obviously. :'-)

I have come to terms with the smell of catnip. but valerian. valerian is a whole other story. I can't stand it. even packed in a (perforated) zipper bag and stowed away in a dresser, I can still detect it. 

How do you deal with those smelly toys? 

Is tupperware the compromise solution - and safe at the same time? 
I am afraid that if it is stored air-tight, mold or fungus could grow (unnoticed) and thus harm my cats. 

Mona and Lilith thank you for every input that prevents those toys from being thrown away!"
1181,CatAdvice,Pet insurance and initial vet appointment questions,[removed]
1182,CatAdvice,roommate neglects cat,[removed]
1183,CatAdvice,"Cat peeing outside of litterbox, need reassurance","Hi all. My cat Sasha recently started peeing on my rug and clothes. He's spayed, 4 years old, and had a vet checkup - he's in good health! I don't recall any recent changes, washed the litterbox, changed the litter, cleaned all the pee stains...no luck.

I'm starting to get really scared that that will be our life from now on, if you overcame such a problem in the past please share stories because all I can find is people giving up their cats because of this :("
1184,CatAdvice,Looking for advice on how to proceed with a new semiferal cat,[removed]
1185,CatAdvice,How to calm down a stressed cat?,[removed]
1186,CatAdvice,"Introduced new cats fine, but resident cat keeps biting/attacking new cat?? What do I do","It’s been a few weeks since I introduced a new cat to the house, we seperated them and did everything right. There was no hissing and we eventually let them out together. It went fine but after some time the resident cat kept jumping onto the new cat and biting his neck, he get on doing this over and over untill we had to seperate them again. They have been seperated for ages now but every time I let them together they are kind of fighting, where the resident cat goes on his back and puts the new cat into a headlock and they repeatedly bite eachother, might be play but they get really rough sometimes and the new cat cries. It happens over and over even though there is no hissing or real fighting going on."
1187,CatAdvice,Neighbors cat..advice please!,"My neighbor  has a super cool cat. I've lived here for 6 years, and in that time I've seen him outside maybe 5 times. However , hes going through a dovorce and ive noticed lots of changes at his house. His dogs gone, the yard is a mess, and hes barely home anymore.  For the past two weeks his owner has been gone a lot, and he always let's him out when he leaves. In fact let's just say the cat is out more than its in.  everyday for 2 weeks he has come to my house, sometimes 3 or 4 times(as estly as 4am and sometimes past midnight, so all hours of the day). He tries to come inside and meows by my back door. Hes always hungry, and ive noticed more and more fight wounds on his face in that time as well.  It's also really cold here, maybe high 30s in the day and down to 19 or less at night. Way too cold for him to be outside for hours at a time. 
I feel so bad for the cat, he just comes and meows and scratches at my door. He even has followed me on a walk yesterday and came home with me. 
I almost get this vibe my neighbor is hoping he will just ""disappear"", because he never let hin roam around like this before. Hes also a very unique breed and very friendly, I'm surprised he hasn't been taken yet.
So what can I do? I thought maybe writing a note , but honesty I don't know how to approach it.i totally have considered just keeping the cat. I love the cat, and he's welcome here. I'm mad about the situation because poor kitty is being tossed out into he freezing cold, only to come here and beg to be let in.  Any advice on how I can handle this?"
1188,CatAdvice,FIV Cat wants to go outside and is bored,[removed]
1189,CatAdvice,Feedback wanted: Disabled Couple with a very hyper and aggressive kitten,[removed]
1190,CatAdvice,Cat has had excessive amount of dandruff on her &amp; brush is just doing it,My f 12 cat has had dandruff for about a year now but now it’s so bad that the brush isn’t getting down to it so what can I do to get all her dandruff off?
1191,CatAdvice,"Cat of 2 years got spooked by movers, now she's completely different","Was having a couch moved into the place when a bag full of pillows fell and my cat of 2 years, who's three years old, ran right upstairs to hide under the bed as the noise startled her. At the time I didn't think much of it, I checked on her and she was sleeping, so I thought she was fine. Hours later I realized she was still under there. I tried to coax her out with treats and toys, and she didn't respond at all. I left her for a few more hours but when I came to check on her again she had not moved from her spot at all. At this point I was worried so I crawled under and brought her out, and she was so spooked, acting completely different, wanting to run under the bed again. I'm cuddling her right now and giving her treats, which seems to help, but I've never had this happen before and I'm wondering is this normal? What can I do to help her?"
1192,CatAdvice,What can I do (and avoid) to encourage my cat to be a cuddly lap cat again?,[removed]
1193,CatAdvice,Switching foods with multiple cats!,"Hello everyone!

My partner, and I recently took in a 6yr old cat(D) from a rehoming situation. We already had our current 7yr old cat(R). R suffers from feline herpes, and has always been on a grain free diet to help with those symptoms(whether it does or not is another question in itself, feel free to voice your thoughts.) D suffers from urinary issues, and came to us with urinary care dry food that he never seemed to avoid, and ate R's dry food. We have since switched him to R's dry food, and put him on Authority Urinary Care wet food for this reason. R's wet food is Purina Beyond grain free, and the current dry is Purina One True Instinct grain free.

We are looking to switch their foods to something to possibly help with weight loss for R, as he is overweight. We don't have any concerns with D's issues, and wouldn't consider him overweight by any means but he definitely could make his way to being a chonker very easily. An option we have found is Authority Hairball Control + Weight Management dry food. They also make a wet Healthy Weight food.

My question I guess is... are we better to switch R's wet food to the Healthy Weight stuff, and leave them both on current dry food... Switch R over to the Authority wet/dry weight food, but also give D the new dry food!? OR just switch the dry food for both, and leave R on his current wet food.

Is there better options for weight wet/dry out there? That was the best budget friendly option we could find. Hills was an option but is on the higher end of budget range. 

Thanks in advance, I know this may be a bit of a confusing/long winded post!"
1194,CatAdvice,Cat keeps urinating on the couch.,[removed]
1195,CatAdvice,orange on orange violence,[removed]
1196,CatAdvice,"My female 8mo. old kitten has serious aggression issues, and I’ve tried everything",[removed]
1197,CatAdvice,Recently just rescued an 8 week old kitten. Older cat is NOT HAPPY. help :(,"Hi all. So around two years ago I got my first place and always wanted a cat so I went to the humane society and looked at cats. I fell in love with this black cat and she was the longest resident. She was around a year old and so sweet and crazy. She’s so active and loves climbing and playing and talking lol. Anyway, she’s around 3 years old now and still is so active so I thought we could get another cat. We tried to get a male cat around a year ago and it went after her a few times and stressed her out so we got rid of it. She always grew up with cats and came into the shelter with two other cats. My friend stayed and brought her cats over and my cat was fine. So we thought a female kitten would be perfect. 

I found one and brought it home last night from a friend who found her in a storm drain. She’s been to the vet but still needs fixed. My cat is FREAKING OUT. this kitten is skkkk tiny and probably only around 8/9 weeks old and SO SWEET. my cats hair immediately went up and she started hissing and growing. Never seen her act like that. Have the kitten in the bathroom with litter food bed and toys and my cat is walking slow and low and hiding and freaked out. Will this get better? Did I make a mistake? I didn’t think she’d hate a baby so much she’s the best cat ever and so friendly. Help :("
1198,CatAdvice,Posting here about food opinions - Hill's Prescription Diet vs. Purina Pro-Plan,"**I posted a similar post on** r/AskVet **but haven't received any response. :( I hope this isn't against the rules, as a disclaimer I am open to anecdotal experience &amp; opinions because I haven't been able to get a straight answer from a vet either in-person or online!**

**Tl;dr** is -- has anyone tried switching from **Hill's Prescription diet i/d Digestive Care to Purina Pro-Plan EN Gastoenteric? Canned wet food only.** Purina is $67 for 24 cans online whereas my vet office charges $109 for 24 cans of Hill's Prescription. 

I have called multiple vet offices, and there doesn't seem to be a straight answer anywhere. It's a lot of ''I don't know'', including from my vet who said ''maybe there is a cheaper alternative''. Another vet office thought this would work, but in general there just seems to be a lot of uncertainty. 

Reason cat was put on it - basically, he's an old boi who was having some digestion problems and allergies. He is being given an allergy shot now. The vet wants him to be on ''low residue'' food. 

Your thoughts / experiences / opinions are appreciated!"
1199,CatAdvice,Is it really bad if usually very hungry cat doesn’t seem as interested in food all of a sudden?,[removed]
1200,CatAdvice,my cat sucks on blankets after eating?,[removed]
1201,CatAdvice,Kitten and electronics obsession,[removed]
1202,CatAdvice,Our oldest resident cat is like Jekyll and Hide with our new kitten,"Hello all, I currently am the mom to 3 wonderful cats! I will be referring to them by number they were adopted so number 1 is the oldest and 3 is the youngest! 

Number 1 came home as a 3.5 month old kitten almost two years ago. When we brought home number 2 a few months later, it was like soulmates meeting for the first time! They loved each other immediately and have been inseparable ever since so I thought a new kitten wouldn’t be much of an issue.

Fast forward to now and I’ve completely fallen in love with a new kitten and have brought him home. We did the slow introduction, scent swapping, feeding together, and playing together (only positive experiences). There were green flags the whole way through. Not a single hiss or swat. Number 1 was playing with the new baby and zooming around like a kitten again. Now I thought they must be ready to sleep all together last night but number one went completely Mr. Hyde, hissing and swatting like he’d never seen this cat before! (Mind you they were snuggling on the couch just an hour before). He even swatted at number 2, something he normally would never do.

I have a strong inkling he’s possessive of our bed, or maybe he’s possessive of snuggling with me? He’s normally the cuddler and number 2 lays by my feet so there’s never been a rift before. Last night he was being insufferable so I put him in our guest room to sleep. And now this morning, him and number 3 are all good once again! 

I guess my big question is what can I do to benefit all parties? I don’t want to sleep without the baby because I don’t want him being alone, and I don’t want to encourage inappropriate urination for number 1 because I’m alienating him. Maybe I’m just paranoid but is there anything I can do to work this out?"
1203,CatAdvice,"My cats know not to go into certain rooms, why do they persist?","My two cats know not to to in the guest bedroom but they do it anyways and then SPRINT out when I catch them. They know they screwed up, how do I make them stop doing this behavior? 

Same thing goes with my kitchen counter."
1204,CatAdvice,Preventing cats on the kitchen counter?,[removed]
1205,CatAdvice,Third eyelid,[removed]
1206,CatAdvice,"Kitten very restless after surgery, how to keep them calm",[removed]
1207,CatAdvice,Cat not wanting to clean it's butt.? Any advice?,[removed]
1208,CatAdvice,Why is my cat being super affectionate with me all of a sudden?,[removed]
1209,CatAdvice,Does this fall under separation anxiety?,[removed]
1210,CatAdvice,How to stop free feeding cat?,"I have two male kitties, my vet just told me my cat is just a little overweight he's around 5.9kg and the other one is around 5kg so I've decided to stop free feeding them after reading more about it online.

I feed them around 100g wet food at 6pm already and I'm willing to switch to wet food in full because dry foods usually don't have enough proteins etc. 

Ideally I want to feed them twice a day, can I just take their dry food away and start feeding them wet food in the morning too or would that not work? I'm scared they might not get enough food since I read a cat can get sick if you take away the amount they are used to right away."
1211,CatAdvice,My kitten got sterilised and I have problem with finding her food,[removed]
1212,CatAdvice,Anybody use Call of the Wild cat food?,"I’ve been buying this cat food since the ingredients list seemed to check out…..but recently my cats have not been wanting to eat it. My moms cat uses the same food and they recently switched foods because my moms cat stopped wanting to eat it too. I’m a little worried, do you think it’s a taste thing or is this food bad?? I buy a different flavor each time I buy a bag too. Should I switch foods? Any recommendations? My cats have sensitive stomachs"
1213,CatAdvice,Moving with my 8 month car from India to Toronto,[removed]
1214,CatAdvice,Incorporating wet food in cats diet.,"Hi so my cat has always eaten dry food, she's about 6 years old, so basically her whole life. Lately I've been reading about the benefits of wet cat food so i bought some tiki cat salmon and chicken canned food, and instantly she loved it. I gave her a spoon and a half of it, and she inhaled it in seconds lol. Anyways should I continue a slow gradual incorporation of the food? My worries are her getting an upset stomach, also should i exclude dry food completely or do a mix of dry and wet?"
1215,CatAdvice,Cat has become obsessed with socks,"Hi,

We have two cats. One of them is quite an anxious cat and who we believe to have pica as he has an obsession with trying to eat plastic (spoke to vet about this). In the past few days he has become obsessed with carrying around socks (sometimes bras or underwear!) and will growl at anyone who comes near him. He’s swiped at me once when I’ve gone near him. We are concerned he’s going to become an aggressive cat (he’s really lovely most of the time) and was wondering if there is a way to nip this behaviour in the bud. Tried reducing his access to where he can get the socks but he seems to be able to find them when his mind is set on it 😅"
1216,CatAdvice,Kittens going wild?,[removed]
1217,CatAdvice,Cat deterrent spray that actually works,[removed]
1218,CatAdvice,"Atopic dermatitis, CBD and needing support",[removed]
1219,CatAdvice,My new kitten stole my cats tree thing.,[removed]
1220,CatAdvice,Cat meows for hours every morning even though I have an automatic feeder,I’ve read so many articles online and watched videos and have not been able to find a good solution. We’ve been using an automatic feeder for most of my cats life (about a year) and every morning he will meow outside my door for hours before and after being fed by the feeder. As most advice suggests I just ignore it so he learns that his meowing doesn’t lead to anything but I still have to get up and leave my room eventually and I can’t help but feel like he sees that as reinforcement. Anyone else have this experience?
1221,CatAdvice,Third eye lid,[removed]
1222,CatAdvice,How long will it take for my cat to stop hating my new kitten?,[removed]
1223,CatAdvice,How to I get him to leave the couch alone?,[removed]
1224,CatAdvice,Kitten not reading cat body language,[removed]
1225,CatAdvice,Will wrapping my Christmas tree on netting help?,"My 1yr old just loves to climb my fake tree, and last night she got herself stuck in the lights (it’s a pre lit tree). I’ve redone the lights to make it harder to get stuck in them, but what about wrapping the bottom in netting? Something with small holes she can’t get through. Has anyone done this? Any other tips to get her out of the tree? 

I’ve tried sprays, citrus, vinegar. Nothing scented works for her."
1226,CatAdvice,Will wrapping the tree in netting help?,"My 1yr old just loves to climb my fake tree, and last night she got herself stuck in the lights (it’s a pre lit tree). I’ve redone the lights to make it harder to get stuck in them, but what about wrapping the bottom in netting? Something with small holes she can’t get through. Has anyone done this? Any other tips to get her out of the tree? 

I’ve tried sprays, citrus, vinegar. Nothing scented works for her."
1227,CatAdvice,Cats not getting along and cat chocolate?,"I'm looking for advice on helping our two cats get along. we have a tabby (7 yo) weve had since a kitten, and a Maine Coon (4 yo) we adopted in August.

We followed the slow introduction advice as best we could. However we have hit an impasse with aggressive chasing. The tabby has always been a bit aggressive with chasing and stalking behaviours.

They've never actually fought outright, but light swatting and growling is common at the end of a chase...

The thing is they can go a day or more getting along and then just start. We have a camera up to record and cannot find a trigger, although the stairs in the house seem to be the area where conflict usually starts.

We are not sure if these are play attempts, something we need to let happen on occasion so they can sort hierarchy, or what to do. FWIW we did just leave it for a weekend and while it did keep happening it didn't escalate.

Note: they are separated at all times if we cannot be there to watch them.

As a side note to this we are really struggling with rewards for the Maine Coon. She has no interest in any sort of cat treats but will absolutely try her luck at stealing chocolate and sweets if they are not watched, so any advice for appropriate sweet treats would be great.

Any advice or help would be great."
1228,CatAdvice,Cat meowing loud from 5am to 7am,"My partner and I moved to a new apartment 1month ago.
My cat was a bit confused during the first weeks, but he adapted fairly quick to his new home. 
We decided to get a lot of wardrobes in our hallway. During the first weeks we didn’t have still the doors mounted on them and guess what… our cat found in them the perfect spots to hide and sleep.
Few weeks ago we mounted the doors on the wardrobes and from then the cat every morning at 5am or so, starts to meowing in front of these doors, and beat his paws very loud against that, he is also very stubborn and goes on for hours till we “wake up” at 7.30am. We can’t sleep and I’m also worried that his loud meowing disturbs the neighbours.
My assumptions is that my cat thinks the wardorbe interior is his territory and he needs to have access to it. I really don’t want him to have access or start a new habit and getting up to open the doors at his demand.
Of course he has all the comforts, scratch tree, interactive toys, full access to all the house (except wardrobes’ interior).
He rarely meowd during his whole life (he’s 5yo)
Any advice would be gold!"
1229,CatAdvice,Cat Peeing Outside the Litter Box,[removed]
1230,CatAdvice,"My cat suddenly started to hate Orijen, alternatives?",[removed]
1231,CatAdvice,Am I Missing Something?,[removed]
1232,CatAdvice,Keeping house smelling nice with cat who has asthma,[removed]
1233,CatAdvice,My kitten plays very aggressively and it isn't getting better,"Hello everyone! I would like some tips on how to manage my kitten. He is around 2-3 months old (he was a stray kitten) and when he is in active, playing mode he is really aggressive and bites a lot. For example, he jumps on our arms, bites, and kicks and we can barely get him off. He sometimes even hurts himself because he is just so pumped up. But other times when he is in a chill mood he is really cuddly and doesn't hurt us. We have tried with my partner to just leave him alone when he becomes aggressive (we read this tip online) and even blowing some air on him (for the advice of our vet) but nothing seems to work. Any other ideas?:("
1234,CatAdvice,"idk what’s going on with my cat, it’s leading me to think she’s sick or near death","On mobile, sorry for format 

She’s about 3-4 years old. A simple black cat. I had her since i was 19. We had a struggle of life (don’t we all) but we’re making it work as best as we can. her behaviors have been changing recently. i made a post a while ago asking about her eating habits and why they changed. 


She just seems so depressed. My gf suggest my cat is reflecting my mood and energy. Cats are pretty reflective on that. But I don’t know, I don’t believe she is. 


I don’t have any money or transportation to get her to a vet or even have a consistent doctor for her, that makes me feel like shit. I was recently unemployed, but I have an interview set up. I want to give her a good life. I understand my apartment unit is shit and i don’t have an open window or balcony for her. It makes me feel so terrible. I let her roam my apartment hallways when she begs. I let her drink water from the sink. I change and specifically get her turkey pate and wet food. I change my tone when talking to her. I started playing with her more. I don’t even know if she’s gaining or losing weight.  I’m doing the best I can with my deliberating mental/emotional health. 


My perception of all of it really dark and bad. Maybe she’s not dying. Maybe she’s perfectly fine. But to me, I feel as though I’m failing her in every way as a cat father and her best friend. I really don’t know what to do. The other cat I have is doing fine. He eats, plays, and reflective positive energy. He just existing really. 


But Kota? I have no idea what to do, where I went wrong, maybe it my fault for always being broke. I need to do better. I feel like such a failure. I lm fearful of waking up this week and finding her dead. I’m at loss. And I know cats hide themselves when they’re sick or near death, and to me , it seems like she’s hiding or been sleeping in really hidden spots or just on top of this soft blanket I have. 

I wish I can  give kota and I the life we deserve, but I feel as though I’m going to lose her before I have the chance. All i can say to her is that I’m sorry for failing her. I wish i had money.. I wish i had a car…"
1235,CatAdvice,ragdoll cuties,[removed]
1236,CatAdvice,Male cat trying to mate with kitten.,[removed]
1237,CatAdvice,Extremely worried about spaying my cat,"Hi all. I have a 4 month old kitten and I am going to be spaying her in a few months, but it’s giving me extreme anxiety. 

I know in most cases it’s a hassle free procedure, and they’re fine in a few days, but I still can’t help but worry. I love her so much and I am worried she will break her stitches at night and I will not hear her cry, or it will get infected etc. I’ve seen some posts here of similar scenarios, and I guess it’s amping up my anxiety. I also heard it changes cats personalities a lot. 

Anyone have any advice or similar experiences?"
1238,CatAdvice,Need Help Elderly paren and 13 cats,[removed]
1239,CatAdvice,Why does my cat try and drink water from everywhere except his fountain / bowl?,"We have a water fountain and two bowls of water in different areas. One of my cats doesn't drink much from them, but will run into the bathroom if you're there to try and drink out of the tap. He will also try and drink out of any cups you put down and every morning he licks the condensation from the windows."
1240,CatAdvice,How to feed cat wearing the cone of shame,[removed]
1241,CatAdvice,Should I just give up on collar?,[removed]
1242,CatAdvice,My cat keeps chasing my other cat out of the litter box (but in a fun way??),[removed]
1243,CatAdvice,adding free feeding to scheduled meals?,[removed]
1244,CatAdvice,"advice on male neutered kitten how keeps peeing on bed, has been to vet and all clear","I adopted a male kitten when he was 2 months old and he was neutered at 6 months old. I have always had some trouble before he was neutered of him peeing on my clothes and bed, I took him to the vet then and said it was most likely territorial and it would stop once he’s fixed. How much it is happening has gone down a lot but he is now 8 months old and is starting to do it again, so I worried about a UTI so I took him to the vet again and got an all clear health wise. I’m wondering how to help this problem, he still also pees in the litter box and no trouble with pooping ever."
1245,CatAdvice,I'm losing my cat.,[removed]
1246,CatAdvice,advice on keeping a kitten still during procedures?,"hi everyone, a month ago we rescued a stray cat with nerve trauma who is partially paralysed (hind legs). he needs a minimum of 15 minutes of massage 3 times a day and other physiotherapy in order to recover his muscle atrophy, but just doesn’t hold still. he bites me VERY hard and cries when i try to touch his back and massage it. he does not have “the catnip gene” as he’s not interested in it at all, so we can’t use catnip to distract him. we tried giving him treats in the process but he just devours them and goes on with biting, screaming and trying to run away desperately. petting him, praising him, etc. doesn’t work at all. we’ve been to the vet multiple times and they said we have to continue to massage him no matter what but honestly i have no idea how to at this point. i’m very upset about it. any advice?"
1247,CatAdvice,My cat just got surgery and I’d like recommendations for food to buy post-surgery.,[removed]
1248,CatAdvice,Y’all…,"I’m losing my mind, I adopted a 5mo old kitten.. she keeps climbing furniture. I don’t want to have aluminum foil chairs forever and I refuse to yell at her, is she going to be like this forever? Idk what to do, lol. I know she’s just being a kitten but jfc! Does spray work (not water, deterrent). Any recommendations?"
1249,CatAdvice,Newly adopted cat not using litter box - help!,[removed]
1250,CatAdvice,Are some cats happier as loners?,[removed]
1251,CatAdvice,I'm worried about my cat,[removed]
1252,CatAdvice,Cat babysitting,"Hello everyone, I am babysitting a kitten for a friend. I have isolated him in my room and left the door slightly ajar when rushing to get a package. I came back relatively quick but found all 3 kitties hissing, growling, and aggressive with each other. I immediately separated them, however my two resident cats have been growling and hissing at each other since the afternoon. How can I mend their relationship? This baby will be going home in 72 hours but I just wanted to hear some opinions. Thank you"
1253,CatAdvice,Could this be why she’s meowing?,[removed]
1254,CatAdvice,Transporting cats on a 3.5 hr drive to move to a new place???,"Best way to make them comfortable? I have 2 cats and 2 carriers but I feel the carriers are a little small for such a long drive. It's fine when they go to the vet who is close. One cat is 14lbs the other is 20, we have the largest cat carriers we could find. Do they need to potty or have food/water for a long drive? Or will they be too stressed to do any of that? The very large cat can scream very loud for 5 hrs straight, no breaks (his record thus far and he starts screaming as soon as he gets in carrier and it's closed). How do the people in the car, especially the driver keep sane and calm with screaming cat? 

And then when we get to the new place how to help cats adjust to new home?? The screamer likes to mark his territory with pee despite being neutered, I would prefer him not to pee everywhere."
1255,CatAdvice,My cat wont eat. Vet determined he is not sick. Desperate for advice.,[removed]
1256,CatAdvice,"Two 6 month old outdoor kittens, one injured one missing. Can the injured one help me find the missing one?",[removed]
1257,CatAdvice,new cat was eating but isn’t eating anymore? plus strange head shaking and scratching behaviors?,[removed]
1258,CatAdvice,Cat bullying?,"I recently adopted an 8 week old kitten (Susan) &amp; brought her home to my apartment. I currently live with my partner &amp; his 2 year old cat (Fork). I did my best to take things slow but my partner is a little less… cautious than I am, so they met fairly quickly and after a bit of hissing from Fork he quietened down. 

Now, my concern is this. Fork is a big cat and he’s not well socialised (in my opinion). He isn’t affectionate, rarely comes near us, is very shy in new situations, but is quite energetic. I do my best to play with him and provide him mental stimulation but he never tires. When he tries to “play” with the kitten he is quite rough and he also never leaves her alone. He follows her (and I) from room to room and completely fixated on her. When he approaches and tries to play/bop her, she doesn’t want to engage but he keeps going, chasing her around and getting rougher and rougher. 

Previously, my partner and Fork lived in a shared flat with an older cat who didn’t want anything to do with him but he would just follow her around and paw at her, never backing off even when she hissed at him. He wasn’t aggressive per se but it was almost like “how much can I annoy this other cat”.

I’m doing my best to reward Fork when he is gentle and “punish” him when he’s rough but separating them and closing the door, but I’m concerned he’s bullying her. 

So is this something to be concerned about?"
1259,CatAdvice,I’m losing it as I watch my cat die in front of my eyes.,[removed]
1260,CatAdvice,I’m losing it watch my cat die in front of my eyes.,[removed]
1261,CatAdvice,Cat suddenly VERY angry/defensive/scared,[removed]
1262,CatAdvice,"We took in 3 feral cats, the one with three kittens in running around like crazy, what do?",[removed]
1263,CatAdvice,Need advice on an anxious kitty as a first time owner.,"Tldr at bottom

Im a first time cat owner to a loveley 2yr old tabby we will call Cat. I absolutely adore Cat she looks so cute and always wants to be pet or sleep, but she is also very very anxious. Today was supposed to be her first vet appointment but I messed up and couldnt get her in a harness. Shortly after, I failed to grab Cat up in a towel and stupidly tried chasing her around. She's currently curled up next to me but I feel like I traumatized her. How have you all dealt with anxious cats? And how do you prevent them from hating you? Anything helpful for anxious cats is welcome, not just carrier stuff.

tldr: how to get anxious cat into carrier without traumatizing her? Also, how to not feel bad about trying to help her in ways she doesnt want?"
1264,CatAdvice,Cat jealousy issue,"Do cats really love you? I've had 3 kittens for a little over a year. 2 of my cats act super loving toward me- they always cuddle, want to be pet, follow me around all the time, so much purring, kneading me, sleep on me every night, cry every time I close the door to the bathroom, etc! I love them so much and think the world of them! The other one is so sweet, just not as cuddly or attached to me. Right now I am on vacation for 9 days overseas and had to bring my cats to a sitter. The cat sitter had been great and she's been sending lots of videos and pictures of my kittens doing the same loving behavior toward her. Although I'm very happy they are not feeling sad or lonely, I feel extremely jealous, like the same feeling I got in high school when a boy I liked paid attention to someone else. I thought it was me they loved, but is it just a thing cats like that would do to anyone???? I know it's a silly and selfish feeling, but I still feel it. Thank you!"
1265,CatAdvice,Introducing Cats When One is Deaf,"My husband and I each moved into our new home a year ago with our cats: Toby (14+ yo, and completely deaf) and Moxie (5ish yo). We have tried to introduce them multiple times with the Jackson Galaxy method. It just doesn't seem to work because when Moxie hisses or growls, Toby straight up cannot tell and continues getting up in her face. He definitely wants to be friends and she is just ticked off since he seemingly ignores her warning vocalizations. Lots of chasing and swatting ensues because she tries to run away and he corners her.

Thus far after trying we have just gone back to having a schedule for who has access to the rest of the house outside of their rooms; they alternate days. Sigh. We will keep them separate forever if we have to but really would love to be able to have both cats in laps in the same room simultaneously!

We have the next few days off of work and are pondering if we should just open both doors and let them figure it out amongst themselves while we are here to separate them if we need to. How do we know if their interactions are what's to be expected vs being harmful to them?  Is the fact that we are stressed out by the prospect of one of them getting hurt going to affect how the introduction goes? Any help is appreciated!"
1266,CatAdvice,Changed my cat diet and she lost 300 grams in 1 week,"
I am super worried. She looks okay and playful as usual, I fed her a bit more today and I increased her meals portion again.

I am concerned about fatty liver. Is there anything else I should do?"
1267,CatAdvice,Need help bonding with new shelter kitty,"I recently adopted a shelter cat (from a feral cat colony - he was injured and had his leg amputated, upon which he was sent to a shelter). He is about 4 years old, and a neutered male. 

When we met shelter cat and first brought him home, he was skittish but open to petting and really seemed to enjoy it. 

We currently have a 13 yr old domesticated neutered male who has been the only cat in his household. 

After introducing the two of them (slow intros, scent swapping, separate rooms, visual through gate), shelter cat started hissing at humans and now does not allow any human contact, swatting and biting us if we try. He has not really been improving, despite being extremely food motivated. He will eat near us, but runs away immediately after finishing his food/treats. 

The two cats have been hissing/meowing at each other and are very wary of each other, despite eating on opposite sides of the gate. We have installed pheromone diffusers and consulted many online resources to no avail. 

Is it just a matter of time? (Its been almost a full month) Or something else? Mostly I am concerned about shelter kitty’s personality shift towards humans. How can we get him to trust us more? Why such a drastic shift towards petting?"
1268,CatAdvice,Help calming in the car,"Hello! My cat and I will be traveling two hours in the car to visit my parents for Christmas next month. She hates the car, so I was wondering if anyone had any suggestions for calming products (treats, collars, etc) that work with their kitties. Thanks!"
1269,CatAdvice,6 month old kitten not eating much,[removed]
1270,CatAdvice,UTI/Antibiotic Shot,[removed]
1271,CatAdvice,Need advice ref cat sitting,"Hi 

My aunt has given me her house key to go twice a day and feed her cat for 18 days. Ive been doing it for just over a week now but I can tell the poor guy is getting sad, he meows a lot when I come by and is so needy for strokes. What do I do? I try to stay as long as I can but never seems enough for him"
1272,CatAdvice,Would my cat prefer staying home or going to my parents for thanksgiving?,"I’m leaving tonight and will be out of my house for over a full day. 

She has an auto feeder and litter box, and a bed in front of the heater, but I don’t want her to be lonely. My parents live an hour drive away and have her sister as a pet. They were never super close but they don’t attack each other. I have a cage to transport her, but she meows the entire drive. I left her alone for a few days before but I felt bad the entire time"
1273,CatAdvice,"Cat being aggressive towards us, not sure why.",[removed]
1274,CatAdvice,What’s my cats weird fur pattern about?,[removed]
1275,CatAdvice,My kitten is annoying me,[removed]
1276,CatAdvice,Kitten becoming more vocal after her siblings were adopted,[removed]
1277,CatAdvice,"Cat of 2 years got spooked by movers, now she's completely different pt 2",[removed]
1278,CatAdvice,Does anyone have any advice on taking care of a (most likely) pregnant cat?,[removed]
1279,CatAdvice,Bonded Pair (Spaying/Neutering),[removed]
1280,CatAdvice,Tense negotiations between 2 y/o resident cat and new ten week old kitten.,[removed]
1281,CatAdvice,"neglected, abused cat","To keep things short, around 2 weeks ago i came across a male cat who had puss in his eyes and wounds in his ear. It was freezing outside and he was soaking wet. I was actually going to the neighbours house (let’s call her Alison) and Alison told me that the owners leave this cat outside all the time. They don’t care for it and only use it for breeding to make money. She also told me that they have a female cat that they keep indoors but they’ve bred this cat around 7/8 times and the cat is 5 years old. My heart broke for them both and the male cat was so friendly, he kept trying to get inside my car and sit on my bonnet just for the engine warmth. Alison has rang the RSPCA and the local council multiple times but they haven’t done anything. I also rang RSPCA on the same day i saw him and i sent pictures of him to them and they still haven’t done anything yet. However, my problem is that it’s getting colder here in the UK and it’s only a matter of time before this poor cat dies from negelect. I personally don’t think anything’s going to be done about this so i’m seriously contemplating pulling up one day and just taking him. He needs serious vet attention and somewhere warm to recover. Alison told me that the cat isn’t microchipped or even flead and wormed, and the owners are very hostile so approaching them and asking them for the cat if they don’t want it is out of the question. 

Basically, I was wondering if I should actually take him? And what can i do to avoid getting caught? Because morally i just can’t leave that cat there to die. 
Or if there is a better suited subreddit to post this on please direct me to it!
Thanks in advance"
1282,CatAdvice,Advice for 2 cats moving into a new space together!,"Hi everyone! I am about to move out of my parent's house and into an apartment with 2 roommates. However, I have a cat and one of my roommates has a cat, too. Both of our cats have never lived with another cat, but mine currently lives with two dogs. I am about them fighting or getting territorial over the new space. My cat has always lived in the same house, so I'm a little worried about that too. Any advice on getting the two cats used to each other and/or advice on how to get the cats warmed up to the new space is greatly appreciated!"
1283,CatAdvice,need advice on getting a 2nd cat!,"My partner and I have been on and off discussing the possibility of getting a second kitten. We currently have a 7-month-old gray(domestic short hair) wonderful, chatty and playful girl. We love her so much and feel like she would be great with a friend. She's rarely (if ever) aggressive or scared.

I've read a good amount of dialogue about introducing new cats to older cats- however, I'd love some opinions about introducing young to young. We have ample space to separate them and take our time with introductions (I am currently a student and do not begin working minimal hours until spring). We also wouldn't adopt a new kitten until January, as I will be out of town for the month.

I'm looking for any advice you may have or experience with doing this process."
1284,CatAdvice,spayed 8yo cat spraying out of no where.,[removed]
1285,CatAdvice,Cat is very spicy,[removed]
1286,CatAdvice,The adoption process / means testing is absolutely obnoxious,[removed]
1287,CatAdvice,Need potty advice for a foster kitten,[removed]
1288,CatAdvice,Our new cat wont stop meowing,[removed]
1289,CatAdvice,May Need to Move to Asia Next Year…. But I have some Kittens.,[removed]
1290,CatAdvice,Cat eating grass every time she goes outside and vomiting?,[removed]
1291,CatAdvice,Upset tummy,"Hi guys I was wondering if you could help.

If I ring the vet they'll most likely say bring my boy in but if I do that he gets very stressed and had cystitis in the past so I'm worried the stress will cause a flare up.

He is a 4 year old male on prescribed food for the previous issue of cystitis. He's a greedy boy too always face first in the bowl. He is a indoor cat so has not got hold of anything he shouldn't have.

He has had a upset tummy 3 days. First day he went and it was like soft serve and slightly yellow but not alarming. He then went twice more that evening and was pure liquid. 

Second day exactly the same as his first but this day he didn't eat all day. Also wasn't himself.

Ge started eating again yesterday smaller amounts but something. Yesterday it was just like soft serve and normal colour. 

Today he is eating a little still. Is much more himself, alert, playful, wants fuss. Even had 100 percent chicken breast treats. But he's been 3 times today. 2 times like soft serve but a little more put together. Then this evening so almost the 4th day now it was slightly yellow again, some formation but more liquid then earlier today. 

I'm not sure wether he's actually on the mend or I should take him up tomorrow. In himself he's doing better but the slightly worse last poo worries me.

Everytime he goes to the vet and for the whole journey he meows, shakes and pants. Then comes home and shakes for hours. 

Also money is a issue. I do have a little and I do have insurance but it's the kind you pay upfront and claim back. I can attach photos of poop but I'm not sure you'd want to see. 

Haven't seen him drink too much but he's had some and has been licking the gravy of his food."
1292,CatAdvice,Blisters around spay line?,[removed]
1293,CatAdvice,Do I take my kitten home with me for Christmas?,[removed]
1294,CatAdvice,Feral kittens in socialization process: When to let them out of their enclosure to explore/roam the room they’re in.,"TLDR: I took in a litter of 3 feral kittens, they’re 2 months old, 2 females, 1 male. I’ve been taking care of them with the hope of socializing them and giving them out for adoption. Their socialization process has been slow. I want to know when the right time to let them out into my bedroom is, their enclosure is in my bedroom. 

▪️(Female) Kitten 1 
Arrived October 25-
I started to let her out into the room 2 weeks ago but now I only let her out to sleep on the bed. When let out in my room, very playful and active on her own but gets scared easily and runs and hides when I walk into the room, when there’s sounds or sometimes if I move. Sometimes she’ll let me pet her but most of the time she won’t stay and will run off. Seems antsy to be loose in the room. Used to be cuddlier when she arrived. The one with the most progress, lets me pick her up most of the time when in the enclosure, sleeps on my bed but not very cuddly.  

▪️(Male) Kitten 2 
Arrived November 7- 
Has bitten me hard 3 times, they day he arrived and the day after a vet visit. This kitten has had the slowest progress of all three. He’ll stay on my lap to eat but will want off as soon as he’s done eating. I pet him when he eats. Usually doesn’t let me pet him when I reach in the enclosure. Does eat from my hand. Strong, if he runs I have to let him go, he’ll bite, wiggle and scratch otherwise. 

▪️(Female?) Kitten 3
Arrived November 15-I can pet her sometimes while she’s in the enclosure. Sometimes she watches me intently and up until recently, her eyes dilated most of the time I was near, not as much now, I look away. She’ll stay on my lap a little while after feeding and I’ll pet her. Will eat from my hand. 

➖They all seem to want to be out in the room and get really curious when kitten 1 is out but since I don’t know when the right time to introduce them to my bedroom is, I stopped letting Kitten 1 out. I’d really appreciate your advice on this or if you have any feral kitten advice in general, I’ll gladly welcome it, it’s been hard."
1295,CatAdvice,My cat hates wet food. Is mixing 1/8 cup water with his dry food good enough to keep him hydrated?,"Title. I have tried roughly 10 different brands of wet food and he refuses to eat more than a few bites. He loves dry food, however. I have got into a habit of mixing some water (roughly 1/8 cup) with his dry food and he slurps that down without any issues. Is this an acceptable substitute for wet food? TIA"
1296,CatAdvice,My cat has been choking while drinking water,[removed]
1297,CatAdvice,Pee problems,[removed]
1298,CatAdvice,What's the best tracking collar for a kitten?,"I just got a kitten this week and he's very energetic and I'm scared I'm going  lose him in my house. I got him a bell collar and he was fine at first and took a nap with it but then freaked out after he woke up... so now I need a alternative. 

Any suggestions will be greatly appreciated  :)"
1299,CatAdvice,Ways to occupy smart cats?,[removed]
1300,CatAdvice,Why does my cat bring me the same toy every night?,"So, my husband and I adopted 2 kittens a little over a year ago. A boy and a girl, they’re a little over a year old now. We also moved about 5 months ago and ever since getting into our new apartment, our male cat, Pippin, has been doing this thing where he’ll bring us one of his toys, a stick with a bell and rope attached and feathers on the end. Every time he does this he starts meowing and will find us wherever we are in the apartment and usually won’t stop until we make some acknowledgment of it. He never did this before we moved and our female cat doesn’t do this either. I’ve had cats most of my life and never experienced it, but this is the first time I’ve had fully indoor cats, so maybe that has something to do with it. It’s been increasing in frequency to the point that he does this almost every night. A few minutes after we get in bed, we’ll hear him start meowing and dragging the toy down the hall. About half the time he’ll jump on the bed to bring us the toy and once we say hi to him, he just lays down like normal. This happens occasionally (about every few days) during the day as well. It’s not a problem but I have also noticed that when he does this, he’ll sometimes make a motion kind of like he’s trying to cough up a hairball but doesn’t make any sound and doesn’t drop the toy when he does this. I’m just really curious and wondering if it’s something to do with him being a male cat or if I should be concerned? TIA for any insight!"
1301,CatAdvice,"Is this breeder being cruel, and how to confront them?",[removed]
1302,CatAdvice,Air mattress protectors?,Going to have an air mattress set up for awhile. I'm thinking about getting two of those mattress protectors to protect it from my cats. Do you think that would double the amount of protection?
1303,CatAdvice,"New kitten, older cat not eating really",[removed]
1304,CatAdvice,"2 girls and 1 boy cat, can I just get the boy fixed?","Hey all, I was wondering if it would be okay to only get my boy fixed (for now). Eventually when I scrape enough money, I can get the girls fixed two, and I've scheduled a neutering in two days for him, but what would happen if the girls are unspayed?"
1305,CatAdvice,How can I get my 5 year old female cat to stop biting my houseguests' hands?,"She's a very sweet cat but she gets overstimulated very easily. She'll approach strangers acting lovey and wanting pets but then she flips the switch almost immediately to Play Mode and will try to bite/scratch at their hands. 

I know she isn't doing it maliciously and she does it to me at times which I personally don't mind too much even though it can be sort of annoying at times. But it startles some of my guests and she sometimes gets a bit carried away and bites a bit too hard and it actually hurts. 

Any tips on things I can do when I'm alone with her to try to get her out of this habit? I've been working on making it obvious that she hurt my hand if she bites too hard and will stop petting her and turn away from her and try to pet her again once she's calmed down, trying to reward her with affection when she let's me pet her without biting. 

This seems to be helping a little bit maybe, but it's hard to tell since I don't have guests over very often. 

I just want everybody to see what a lovey sweet cat she is, and I want her to get all the pets in the world. She's always so confused about why they stop petting her :("
1306,CatAdvice,What was with that cat?,[removed]
1307,CatAdvice,Mom cat being aggressive - help!,[removed]
1308,CatAdvice,Can I introduce a 7 week old male kitten to my 16 week old female cat?,"3 months ago myself and my husband rescued a kitten who is approximately 16 weeks old. We don't have any other pets and our kitten has been a small bit destructive while bored and tends to try to get us to play and wrestle with her but she can be a bit rough so we have decided that another kitten would be good for her.

We had decided a female kitten would be best but we found a 7 week old male who is being hand reared by a foster carer as he is also a rescue. Do you think a male kitten and female kitten would work well together? I wouldn't want to upset our current cat. 

Additional information: we have her booked in to be neutered, we would also neuter the boy if we take him and both cats would be fully indoors."
1309,CatAdvice,Kitten with feline coronavirus,"I’ve been looking to get a kitten and I’ve been told the litter from which I’m getting from has had feline coronavirus and had symptoms of diarrhoea, however they have now cleared up and they are better. The kittens are now 4 months old. I have done some research and seen that 10% of kittens with feline coronavirus develop FIP and this does worry me. I currently have no other cats at home so I’m not worried about the virus spreading and the kitten will be a house cat as he is pedigree. However I’m just wondering if I could get some advice on wether or not to go through with getting the new kitty as I’m not sure I could deal with the heartbreak if he did get poorly. Does anyone have any experience with kittens having coronavirus and surviving a normal healthy life?"
1310,CatAdvice,"Gf's cat won't stop meowing or ""grunting"" at night, is it normal?","My girlfriend rescued her cat ChiChi last winter, she used to work for a delivery company and found ChiChi outside under a porch of a house. The owner of the house said the cat already had 2 litters of kittens, and is only 2 years old. Since ChiChi has been rescued she's gone into heat twice, we haven't been able to get her spayed because of financial reasons. ChiChi just ended another heat cycle and now will not let my GF sleep at night due to constant meowing and ""grunting"", as my GF explains it. This is the first it's happening since ending a heat cycle for her which is why it's so unusual for my GF. Is it normal for ChiChi to develop this kind of behavior?"
1311,CatAdvice,keeping new cat in my walk in closet?,"i have two cats who i love so dearly. ive had my resident cat for about 2 months and just adopted a new kitty about a week ago. resident cat is perfect, new kitty is almost perfect other than her nightly shenanigans. my boyfriend is letting me live with him temporarily until i find my own place, and he is getting quite agitated with both me and my new kitty because she keeps us up all night. im wondering if it would be ethical to keep her in my walk in closet throughout the night if i put all her essentials in there. im in a studio apartment with no other rooms. the closet is quite spacious, but it does get quite cold. rehoming her isnt an option for me, looking for suggestions."
1312,CatAdvice,Ways to stop my cat from getting down and dirty with the other two before I can get him neutered,"Hey all, I have three kittens (all around 8 months old), one boy and two girls. Last night my partner discovered that the male was trying to get frisky with one of the others, and she was not happy about this.

For now we've moved the boy and an extra litter box into a separate room, and the girls are staying with each other in the cat room. I'm not sure how soon I will be able to get an appointment to get him neutered but for now, what steps can I take to keep him from jumping the girls' bones?"
1313,CatAdvice,Cat is too cute,[removed]
1314,CatAdvice,"My cat doesn't eat from the bowl, but she eats from my hand or from a spoon","She used to eat from bowls, so I don't know why she suddenly stopped.

She'll only eat from my hand or when I put a spoon in front of her. I'm a bit busy so I can't hand-feed or spoon-feed her every morning and night. What can I do?"
1315,CatAdvice,Behaviour after neutering,"My cat recently got neutered. He sleeps all day and doesn’t play, eat, drink much. He goes to pee/poop about once a day. I’m worried. Is this normal? Should i take him to the vet?"
1316,CatAdvice,Stop cat from scratching bedroom door at night?,[removed]
1317,CatAdvice,Only male cats like me,"I’m a male in my 20s. I like cats, I like dogs too but I think cats are a little better. Anyways, I’ve never had a female cat like me. Ever. Male cats on the other hand love me, my sister has a male cat that hates everyone but her, I house sat for her and he loved me and my whole family was shocked. Whenever I’m at someone house who has cats the males love me and the females avoid me or hiss at me. I went to a shelter the other day to look for a cat of my own and most of the males liked me but not a single female wanted anything to do with me. Does anyone have any idea why that is? I didn’t know which cats were male/female but every time one liked me the shelter lady would say it was a male."
1318,CatAdvice,To someone who knows,"Hello, just wanna ask to someone proffesional here. We have a cat named hiro. He loves to eat dry food at the age of 1 month old. tho, hindi naman lagi yon. as the time goes by. Nagkaroon siya ng sira sa ngipin. ngayon, lumala nang lumala yung sira niya hanggang sa naapektuhan yung way of eating. Nagtanong kami sa vet kung magkano yung check-up, sinabi niya na 4500 kasama na yung procedure na gagawin nila. As a college student, wala akong ganong halaga. Pinapa-inom ko siya ngayon ng tubig na may dextrose powder kasi sobrang dehydrated na siya. Other than that, may home remedies ba na pwedeng gawin? salamat sa makakasagot."
1319,CatAdvice,Kitty in heat,
1320,CatAdvice,Co-Ownership of Cat Microchip Registration,Hi! My vet recommended that we should register our cat’s microchip just in case something happened to him. I was going to register my cat’s microchip under my name but my husband also wanted to be put onto the contact list as well. I was looking through some companies to register our cat’s microchip onto but there weren’t any options to have two contacts or co-ownership of the cat. I was wondering if this is just how microchipping works or if there are any companies that allow two contacts to be registered. Thanks!
1321,CatAdvice,Roommate spilled candle wax on cat tail,[removed]
1322,CatAdvice,Cat pooing inside since house move,"Hi guys 

So my cat Blue is a very well behaved boy and I trained him to go to the toilet outside when he was little with no problems.

I moved house in August and kept him in for 6 weeks with his litter tray. When he started going outside, I got a cat flap fitted and naturally he started finding an outside loo and I took the litter tray away. 

There are some new big bully cats he’s had a few stand offs with and now he’s a bit afraid of going outside, even nipping out to the toilet. He’ll go if I’m out there with him, but I can’t always keep an eye on when he might need to go, and I’m not always in.

I started trying to associate the outside with “good things” so would give him his breakfast outside and sit with him, and have also been hiding treats around the patio which generally keeps him entertained. 

However in the last couple of weeks,  his go-to before he even thinks to go outside is finding corners in the house to go to the toilet. It’s very frustrating for obvious reasons, and this morning I have had to reinstate the litter tray because it’s become such a regular occurrence and I don’t trust him in the house anymore. It doesn’t help that it’s very rainy where I live which is an extra reason he doesn’t always want to go outside. 

I don’t want to have a litter tray forever, and feel like we’re regressing! Has anyone experienced this and have any tips/advice for retraining your cat to go outside / rebuilding lost confidence?

Thanks in advance from a desperate cat lover !"
1323,CatAdvice,Chronic illness and reluctance to take pills,[removed]
1324,CatAdvice,is it a good idea to switch to Origen?,"My cat is on hills prescription biome dry food ever since he saw the vet for his blood poop and it cleared it, but now I want to give him something better since I'm not sure if it's good for him to feed hills gastro bio long term... Since they are both the same price"
1325,CatAdvice,is it a good idea to switch to orijen?,"My cat is on hills prescription biome dry food ever since he saw the vet for his blood poop and it cleared it, but now I want to give him something better since I'm not sure if it's good for him to feed hills gastro bio long term... Since they are both the same price"
1326,CatAdvice,Dhare your best tips :),[removed]
1327,CatAdvice,how do i get my cat to stop burying all the food and water in litter?,"i have two cats, a 1yr old named nubs and a 2.5 yr old named crusty. crusty has always “buried” her food with socks that she would bring over and put over her wet food. nubs started burying the food and water in litter the second both of them were done with it, she doesn’t even eat the wet food. she will see crusty finish her first pick at the wet food (she waits to see if nubs will eat any before going back to finish it) and nubs will kick litter out of the box, and kick it all the way towards the food then kick it into the food, or she will start pushing it to the litter box to bury it. is there any way i can stop this behavior as it is getting expensive between her wasting tons of perfectly good litter and perfectly good food. the food and litter i have right now were gifted to me by some lovely redditers so i don’t want it to go to waste. moving the food or litter is not an option i have no where else to put it."
1328,CatAdvice,When is a feral kitten fully socialized?,[removed]
1329,CatAdvice,"Cat has stitches on her neck right behind her ear, won’t keep e collar on","basically the title, my cat got surgery and has stitches right behind her ear. She isn’t adjusting well to the e collar. Is there anything else I can use instead ? Please let me know thank you"
1330,CatAdvice,Tidy cat breeze litter system leaking,[removed]
1331,CatAdvice,how to tell if they are real fight or playing?,[removed]
1332,CatAdvice,Please help me get my cat to poop in the box…,[removed]
1333,CatAdvice,Leaving ~9 month old cat home alone for the weekend,[removed]
1334,CatAdvice,My cat keeps throwing up but acts totally fine.,[removed]
1335,CatAdvice,Neighbour abandoned cats,"Looking for advice on this situation as I’ve contacted the RSPCA multiple times and they are unwilling to help and never update me. My neighbour has 2 cats (brother and sister) which they have abandoned, I waited 4 months then finally called the RSPCA when she left for 4 days over a weekend and they were left in the freezing cold starving. The last 5 months I’ve had no choice but to feed them or they would starve. I’ve even tried to not feed them for 2 days but they would cry from morning to night meowing at every door and window. Eventually I got to the point where I felt so bad I would cave in and feed them. I knew they weren’t my cats so never wanted to make them feel confused however she completely doesn’t care I have watched her when a delivery man knocks at the door, the cats have ran in and she immediately throws them back outside. It’s not the case she has no money as she constantly gets food deliveries and various parcels. These were house cats but since she got new furniture etc they were kicked outside in the summer. There is a girl that is very needy and she is now at my house day and night doesn’t even leave the garden. The boy however is very feral and looks very depressed, he is very withdrawn he doesn’t like being touched for too long and hides in corners. Within the last days I have seen the RSPCA visiting her yet so I know 100% they are her animals yet nothing has changed. I’ve never been in this situation before and certainly didn’t want to ‘steal’ anyones cats but I could not let poor harmless cats suffer. Now I’ve been looking after the cats the past nearly 6 months they’ve grown on me as a person who has mainly been a dog person previously. Moving forward what should I do?"
1336,CatAdvice,Small Circular bald spots near cats ears,[removed]
1337,CatAdvice,Cat Attention,[removed]
1338,CatAdvice,Keeping my cat comfortable while in heat?,[removed]
1339,CatAdvice,Cat poop unusual color from inside,[removed]
1340,CatAdvice,Soft poops even after a month,[removed]
1341,CatAdvice,Anxious about vet visit,[removed]
1342,CatAdvice,Staticky Cat,[removed]
1343,CatAdvice,Should I surrender my cat or not?,"So I have three cats and I just moved out of my parents house for the first time into a spacious two bedroom apartment by myself. My oldest cat I've had for five years, then there's the ""outside cat"" I took with me who is three years old. Then I have a young one who is only a year and a half. My young one is the kitten of the ""outside cat"" and has been indoors since she was old enough to be separated as I somehow convinced my parents to let her in.

So, the problem is I moved to a new place four days ago and my youngest cat went into shock mode. She stopped eating and was hiding which is very unlike her. She's an energetically playful cat and very, very food motivated so it's depressing to see her like this. She's slowly coming around but her playful energy hasn't been restored and I'm fearful she might be lonely during the day while I'm at work. My apartment is also in a big complex so there are little noises here and there too that she seems to be sensitive to; my parents live in a rural country home with no background noise.

She loves the other two cats, but I think she misses my parents more than anything. My dad gave her a lot of attention and he's retired, so he was home with her all day. Both my parents are not cat people but they love her and practically begged me to let them keep her. Now that she's with me, I'm having doubts on whether or not it's right for me to have her. She doesn't seem like herself and I know she'd probably be happier in her old home with somebody who will be with her all day. But then again, I've had her since she was born and I also love her a lot and would miss her.

Would it be better to bring her back to my parents or keep her? I've been an emotional wreck and so conflicted over this because I don't want to give her up but I want what's best for her. I really want more opinions to help me come to a concrete decision; I know cats are sensitive to change so if I choose to bring her back, I would want to do it soon so that I don't further traumatize her.

Also, for reference, I live two hours away from my parents and would not be able to see her often. Hence, why this is such a big decision for me."
1344,CatAdvice,My cat is HARASSING me with food,[removed]
1345,CatAdvice,Wanting random love in middle of night killing my sleep?,[removed]
1346,CatAdvice,/!\ HELP /!\ Cat has poop stuck on is butt hair,[removed]
1347,CatAdvice,Kitten hisses and bites when I try to pick him up,"So I have a kitten that is about 4 months old. He doesn't like getting picked up unless he is standing, if he is laying down and you try to pick him up he will start slapping you, biting and will even hiss multiple times.

Like last time he laid down on my chair and I had a very important class coming up, when I tried to pick him up he hissed like three times and bit me. 

Again, this only happens when you try to pick him up while he is laying down. Now you can say ""don't pick him up then, but if he doesn't like it"" well what if he is in danger? 

 He was neutered like a month ago btw"
1348,CatAdvice,Need advice for two sick kitties!,"I just adopted a new kitten and when I got her she had a cold which she still has it’s only been three days. I took her to the vet and she’s on antibiotics and eye ointment. Now my other cat has started the cold even though they’ve been separate. It makes me feel terrible that they’re both sick and I can’t  be in the same room with each of them at a time. I’m sure it spread through my clothing, as I’ve been washing my hands frequently. Any advice on how to get them better quickly? Is there anything else I can do at home besides medication and cleaning their faces? Thanks!!"
1349,CatAdvice,"desperate, sad and feel like a bad cat parent","My cat is a 5 year old female,fixed. She's been peeing and pooping in front of and next to the litter box but also peeing and pooping in it. No change in type of litter and no stressful changes within the last 2 years. What should I do? I will be taking her to the vet soon"
1350,CatAdvice,My cat was diagnosed with a congenital disorder today and the vet says it will just get worse...,[removed]
1351,CatAdvice,How to store smelly cat toys?,"odour-proof, obviously. :'-)

I have come to terms with the smell of catnip. but valerian. valerian is a whole other story. I can't stand it. even packed in a (perforated) zipper bag and stowed away in a dresser, I can still detect it. 

How do you deal with those smelly toys? 

Is tupperware the compromise solution - and safe at the same time? 
I am afraid that if it is stored air-tight, mold or fungus could grow (unnoticed) and thus harm my cats. 

Mona and Lilith thank you for every input that prevents those toys from being thrown away!"
1352,CatAdvice,Pet insurance and initial vet appointment questions,[removed]
1353,CatAdvice,roommate neglects cat,[removed]
1354,CatAdvice,"Cat peeing outside of litterbox, need reassurance","Hi all. My cat Sasha recently started peeing on my rug and clothes. He's spayed, 4 years old, and had a vet checkup - he's in good health! I don't recall any recent changes, washed the litterbox, changed the litter, cleaned all the pee stains...no luck.

I'm starting to get really scared that that will be our life from now on, if you overcame such a problem in the past please share stories because all I can find is people giving up their cats because of this :("
1355,CatAdvice,Looking for advice on how to proceed with a new semiferal cat,[removed]
1356,CatAdvice,How to calm down a stressed cat?,[removed]
1357,CatAdvice,"Introduced new cats fine, but resident cat keeps biting/attacking new cat?? What do I do","It’s been a few weeks since I introduced a new cat to the house, we seperated them and did everything right. There was no hissing and we eventually let them out together. It went fine but after some time the resident cat kept jumping onto the new cat and biting his neck, he get on doing this over and over untill we had to seperate them again. They have been seperated for ages now but every time I let them together they are kind of fighting, where the resident cat goes on his back and puts the new cat into a headlock and they repeatedly bite eachother, might be play but they get really rough sometimes and the new cat cries. It happens over and over even though there is no hissing or real fighting going on."
1358,CatAdvice,Neighbors cat..advice please!,"My neighbor  has a super cool cat. I've lived here for 6 years, and in that time I've seen him outside maybe 5 times. However , hes going through a dovorce and ive noticed lots of changes at his house. His dogs gone, the yard is a mess, and hes barely home anymore.  For the past two weeks his owner has been gone a lot, and he always let's him out when he leaves. In fact let's just say the cat is out more than its in.  everyday for 2 weeks he has come to my house, sometimes 3 or 4 times(as estly as 4am and sometimes past midnight, so all hours of the day). He tries to come inside and meows by my back door. Hes always hungry, and ive noticed more and more fight wounds on his face in that time as well.  It's also really cold here, maybe high 30s in the day and down to 19 or less at night. Way too cold for him to be outside for hours at a time. 
I feel so bad for the cat, he just comes and meows and scratches at my door. He even has followed me on a walk yesterday and came home with me. 
I almost get this vibe my neighbor is hoping he will just ""disappear"", because he never let hin roam around like this before. Hes also a very unique breed and very friendly, I'm surprised he hasn't been taken yet.
So what can I do? I thought maybe writing a note , but honesty I don't know how to approach it.i totally have considered just keeping the cat. I love the cat, and he's welcome here. I'm mad about the situation because poor kitty is being tossed out into he freezing cold, only to come here and beg to be let in.  Any advice on how I can handle this?"
1359,CatAdvice,FIV Cat wants to go outside and is bored,[removed]
1360,CatAdvice,Feedback wanted: Disabled Couple with a very hyper and aggressive kitten,[removed]
1361,CatAdvice,Cat has had excessive amount of dandruff on her &amp; brush is just doing it,My f 12 cat has had dandruff for about a year now but now it’s so bad that the brush isn’t getting down to it so what can I do to get all her dandruff off?
1362,CatAdvice,"Cat of 2 years got spooked by movers, now she's completely different","Was having a couch moved into the place when a bag full of pillows fell and my cat of 2 years, who's three years old, ran right upstairs to hide under the bed as the noise startled her. At the time I didn't think much of it, I checked on her and she was sleeping, so I thought she was fine. Hours later I realized she was still under there. I tried to coax her out with treats and toys, and she didn't respond at all. I left her for a few more hours but when I came to check on her again she had not moved from her spot at all. At this point I was worried so I crawled under and brought her out, and she was so spooked, acting completely different, wanting to run under the bed again. I'm cuddling her right now and giving her treats, which seems to help, but I've never had this happen before and I'm wondering is this normal? What can I do to help her?"
1363,CatAdvice,What can I do (and avoid) to encourage my cat to be a cuddly lap cat again?,[removed]
1364,CatAdvice,Switching foods with multiple cats!,"Hello everyone!

My partner, and I recently took in a 6yr old cat(D) from a rehoming situation. We already had our current 7yr old cat(R). R suffers from feline herpes, and has always been on a grain free diet to help with those symptoms(whether it does or not is another question in itself, feel free to voice your thoughts.) D suffers from urinary issues, and came to us with urinary care dry food that he never seemed to avoid, and ate R's dry food. We have since switched him to R's dry food, and put him on Authority Urinary Care wet food for this reason. R's wet food is Purina Beyond grain free, and the current dry is Purina One True Instinct grain free.

We are looking to switch their foods to something to possibly help with weight loss for R, as he is overweight. We don't have any concerns with D's issues, and wouldn't consider him overweight by any means but he definitely could make his way to being a chonker very easily. An option we have found is Authority Hairball Control + Weight Management dry food. They also make a wet Healthy Weight food.

My question I guess is... are we better to switch R's wet food to the Healthy Weight stuff, and leave them both on current dry food... Switch R over to the Authority wet/dry weight food, but also give D the new dry food!? OR just switch the dry food for both, and leave R on his current wet food.

Is there better options for weight wet/dry out there? That was the best budget friendly option we could find. Hills was an option but is on the higher end of budget range. 

Thanks in advance, I know this may be a bit of a confusing/long winded post!"
1365,CatAdvice,Cat keeps urinating on the couch.,[removed]
1366,CatAdvice,orange on orange violence,[removed]
1367,CatAdvice,"My female 8mo. old kitten has serious aggression issues, and I’ve tried everything",[removed]
1368,CatAdvice,Recently just rescued an 8 week old kitten. Older cat is NOT HAPPY. help :(,"Hi all. So around two years ago I got my first place and always wanted a cat so I went to the humane society and looked at cats. I fell in love with this black cat and she was the longest resident. She was around a year old and so sweet and crazy. She’s so active and loves climbing and playing and talking lol. Anyway, she’s around 3 years old now and still is so active so I thought we could get another cat. We tried to get a male cat around a year ago and it went after her a few times and stressed her out so we got rid of it. She always grew up with cats and came into the shelter with two other cats. My friend stayed and brought her cats over and my cat was fine. So we thought a female kitten would be perfect. 

I found one and brought it home last night from a friend who found her in a storm drain. She’s been to the vet but still needs fixed. My cat is FREAKING OUT. this kitten is skkkk tiny and probably only around 8/9 weeks old and SO SWEET. my cats hair immediately went up and she started hissing and growing. Never seen her act like that. Have the kitten in the bathroom with litter food bed and toys and my cat is walking slow and low and hiding and freaked out. Will this get better? Did I make a mistake? I didn’t think she’d hate a baby so much she’s the best cat ever and so friendly. Help :("
1369,CatAdvice,Posting here about food opinions - Hill's Prescription Diet vs. Purina Pro-Plan,"**I posted a similar post on** r/AskVet **but haven't received any response. :( I hope this isn't against the rules, as a disclaimer I am open to anecdotal experience &amp; opinions because I haven't been able to get a straight answer from a vet either in-person or online!**

**Tl;dr** is -- has anyone tried switching from **Hill's Prescription diet i/d Digestive Care to Purina Pro-Plan EN Gastoenteric? Canned wet food only.** Purina is $67 for 24 cans online whereas my vet office charges $109 for 24 cans of Hill's Prescription. 

I have called multiple vet offices, and there doesn't seem to be a straight answer anywhere. It's a lot of ''I don't know'', including from my vet who said ''maybe there is a cheaper alternative''. Another vet office thought this would work, but in general there just seems to be a lot of uncertainty. 

Reason cat was put on it - basically, he's an old boi who was having some digestion problems and allergies. He is being given an allergy shot now. The vet wants him to be on ''low residue'' food. 

Your thoughts / experiences / opinions are appreciated!"
1370,CatAdvice,Is it really bad if usually very hungry cat doesn’t seem as interested in food all of a sudden?,[removed]
1371,CatAdvice,my cat sucks on blankets after eating?,[removed]
1372,CatAdvice,Kitten and electronics obsession,[removed]
1373,CatAdvice,Our oldest resident cat is like Jekyll and Hide with our new kitten,"Hello all, I currently am the mom to 3 wonderful cats! I will be referring to them by number they were adopted so number 1 is the oldest and 3 is the youngest! 

Number 1 came home as a 3.5 month old kitten almost two years ago. When we brought home number 2 a few months later, it was like soulmates meeting for the first time! They loved each other immediately and have been inseparable ever since so I thought a new kitten wouldn’t be much of an issue.

Fast forward to now and I’ve completely fallen in love with a new kitten and have brought him home. We did the slow introduction, scent swapping, feeding together, and playing together (only positive experiences). There were green flags the whole way through. Not a single hiss or swat. Number 1 was playing with the new baby and zooming around like a kitten again. Now I thought they must be ready to sleep all together last night but number one went completely Mr. Hyde, hissing and swatting like he’d never seen this cat before! (Mind you they were snuggling on the couch just an hour before). He even swatted at number 2, something he normally would never do.

I have a strong inkling he’s possessive of our bed, or maybe he’s possessive of snuggling with me? He’s normally the cuddler and number 2 lays by my feet so there’s never been a rift before. Last night he was being insufferable so I put him in our guest room to sleep. And now this morning, him and number 3 are all good once again! 

I guess my big question is what can I do to benefit all parties? I don’t want to sleep without the baby because I don’t want him being alone, and I don’t want to encourage inappropriate urination for number 1 because I’m alienating him. Maybe I’m just paranoid but is there anything I can do to work this out?"
1374,CatAdvice,"My cats know not to go into certain rooms, why do they persist?","My two cats know not to to in the guest bedroom but they do it anyways and then SPRINT out when I catch them. They know they screwed up, how do I make them stop doing this behavior? 

Same thing goes with my kitchen counter."
1375,CatAdvice,Preventing cats on the kitchen counter?,[removed]
1376,CatAdvice,Third eyelid,[removed]
1377,CatAdvice,"Kitten very restless after surgery, how to keep them calm",[removed]
1378,CatAdvice,Cat not wanting to clean it's butt.? Any advice?,[removed]
1379,CatAdvice,Why is my cat being super affectionate with me all of a sudden?,[removed]
1380,CatAdvice,Does this fall under separation anxiety?,[removed]
1381,CatAdvice,How to stop free feeding cat?,"I have two male kitties, my vet just told me my cat is just a little overweight he's around 5.9kg and the other one is around 5kg so I've decided to stop free feeding them after reading more about it online.

I feed them around 100g wet food at 6pm already and I'm willing to switch to wet food in full because dry foods usually don't have enough proteins etc. 

Ideally I want to feed them twice a day, can I just take their dry food away and start feeding them wet food in the morning too or would that not work? I'm scared they might not get enough food since I read a cat can get sick if you take away the amount they are used to right away."
1382,CatAdvice,My kitten got sterilised and I have problem with finding her food,[removed]
1383,CatAdvice,Anybody use Call of the Wild cat food?,"I’ve been buying this cat food since the ingredients list seemed to check out…..but recently my cats have not been wanting to eat it. My moms cat uses the same food and they recently switched foods because my moms cat stopped wanting to eat it too. I’m a little worried, do you think it’s a taste thing or is this food bad?? I buy a different flavor each time I buy a bag too. Should I switch foods? Any recommendations? My cats have sensitive stomachs"
1384,CatAdvice,Moving with my 8 month car from India to Toronto,[removed]
1385,CatAdvice,Incorporating wet food in cats diet.,"Hi so my cat has always eaten dry food, she's about 6 years old, so basically her whole life. Lately I've been reading about the benefits of wet cat food so i bought some tiki cat salmon and chicken canned food, and instantly she loved it. I gave her a spoon and a half of it, and she inhaled it in seconds lol. Anyways should I continue a slow gradual incorporation of the food? My worries are her getting an upset stomach, also should i exclude dry food completely or do a mix of dry and wet?"
1386,CatAdvice,Cat has become obsessed with socks,"Hi,

We have two cats. One of them is quite an anxious cat and who we believe to have pica as he has an obsession with trying to eat plastic (spoke to vet about this). In the past few days he has become obsessed with carrying around socks (sometimes bras or underwear!) and will growl at anyone who comes near him. He’s swiped at me once when I’ve gone near him. We are concerned he’s going to become an aggressive cat (he’s really lovely most of the time) and was wondering if there is a way to nip this behaviour in the bud. Tried reducing his access to where he can get the socks but he seems to be able to find them when his mind is set on it 😅"
1387,CatAdvice,Kittens going wild?,[removed]
1388,CatAdvice,Cat deterrent spray that actually works,[removed]
1389,CatAdvice,"Atopic dermatitis, CBD and needing support",[removed]
1390,CatAdvice,My new kitten stole my cats tree thing.,[removed]
1391,CatAdvice,Cat meows for hours every morning even though I have an automatic feeder,I’ve read so many articles online and watched videos and have not been able to find a good solution. We’ve been using an automatic feeder for most of my cats life (about a year) and every morning he will meow outside my door for hours before and after being fed by the feeder. As most advice suggests I just ignore it so he learns that his meowing doesn’t lead to anything but I still have to get up and leave my room eventually and I can’t help but feel like he sees that as reinforcement. Anyone else have this experience?
1392,CatAdvice,Third eye lid,[removed]
1393,CatAdvice,How long will it take for my cat to stop hating my new kitten?,[removed]
1394,CatAdvice,How to I get him to leave the couch alone?,[removed]
1395,CatAdvice,Kitten not reading cat body language,[removed]
1396,CatAdvice,Will wrapping my Christmas tree on netting help?,"My 1yr old just loves to climb my fake tree, and last night she got herself stuck in the lights (it’s a pre lit tree). I’ve redone the lights to make it harder to get stuck in them, but what about wrapping the bottom in netting? Something with small holes she can’t get through. Has anyone done this? Any other tips to get her out of the tree? 

I’ve tried sprays, citrus, vinegar. Nothing scented works for her."
1397,CatAdvice,Will wrapping the tree in netting help?,"My 1yr old just loves to climb my fake tree, and last night she got herself stuck in the lights (it’s a pre lit tree). I’ve redone the lights to make it harder to get stuck in them, but what about wrapping the bottom in netting? Something with small holes she can’t get through. Has anyone done this? Any other tips to get her out of the tree? 

I’ve tried sprays, citrus, vinegar. Nothing scented works for her."
1398,CatAdvice,Cats not getting along and cat chocolate?,"I'm looking for advice on helping our two cats get along. we have a tabby (7 yo) weve had since a kitten, and a Maine Coon (4 yo) we adopted in August.

We followed the slow introduction advice as best we could. However we have hit an impasse with aggressive chasing. The tabby has always been a bit aggressive with chasing and stalking behaviours.

They've never actually fought outright, but light swatting and growling is common at the end of a chase...

The thing is they can go a day or more getting along and then just start. We have a camera up to record and cannot find a trigger, although the stairs in the house seem to be the area where conflict usually starts.

We are not sure if these are play attempts, something we need to let happen on occasion so they can sort hierarchy, or what to do. FWIW we did just leave it for a weekend and while it did keep happening it didn't escalate.

Note: they are separated at all times if we cannot be there to watch them.

As a side note to this we are really struggling with rewards for the Maine Coon. She has no interest in any sort of cat treats but will absolutely try her luck at stealing chocolate and sweets if they are not watched, so any advice for appropriate sweet treats would be great.

Any advice or help would be great."
1399,CatAdvice,Cat meowing loud from 5am to 7am,"My partner and I moved to a new apartment 1month ago.
My cat was a bit confused during the first weeks, but he adapted fairly quick to his new home. 
We decided to get a lot of wardrobes in our hallway. During the first weeks we didn’t have still the doors mounted on them and guess what… our cat found in them the perfect spots to hide and sleep.
Few weeks ago we mounted the doors on the wardrobes and from then the cat every morning at 5am or so, starts to meowing in front of these doors, and beat his paws very loud against that, he is also very stubborn and goes on for hours till we “wake up” at 7.30am. We can’t sleep and I’m also worried that his loud meowing disturbs the neighbours.
My assumptions is that my cat thinks the wardorbe interior is his territory and he needs to have access to it. I really don’t want him to have access or start a new habit and getting up to open the doors at his demand.
Of course he has all the comforts, scratch tree, interactive toys, full access to all the house (except wardrobes’ interior).
He rarely meowd during his whole life (he’s 5yo)
Any advice would be gold!"
1400,CatAdvice,Cat Peeing Outside the Litter Box,[removed]
1401,CatAdvice,"My cat suddenly started to hate Orijen, alternatives?",[removed]
1402,CatAdvice,Am I Missing Something?,[removed]
1403,CatAdvice,Keeping house smelling nice with cat who has asthma,[removed]
1404,CatAdvice,My kitten plays very aggressively and it isn't getting better,"Hello everyone! I would like some tips on how to manage my kitten. He is around 2-3 months old (he was a stray kitten) and when he is in active, playing mode he is really aggressive and bites a lot. For example, he jumps on our arms, bites, and kicks and we can barely get him off. He sometimes even hurts himself because he is just so pumped up. But other times when he is in a chill mood he is really cuddly and doesn't hurt us. We have tried with my partner to just leave him alone when he becomes aggressive (we read this tip online) and even blowing some air on him (for the advice of our vet) but nothing seems to work. Any other ideas?:("
1405,CatAdvice,"idk what’s going on with my cat, it’s leading me to think she’s sick or near death","On mobile, sorry for format 

She’s about 3-4 years old. A simple black cat. I had her since i was 19. We had a struggle of life (don’t we all) but we’re making it work as best as we can. her behaviors have been changing recently. i made a post a while ago asking about her eating habits and why they changed. 


She just seems so depressed. My gf suggest my cat is reflecting my mood and energy. Cats are pretty reflective on that. But I don’t know, I don’t believe she is. 


I don’t have any money or transportation to get her to a vet or even have a consistent doctor for her, that makes me feel like shit. I was recently unemployed, but I have an interview set up. I want to give her a good life. I understand my apartment unit is shit and i don’t have an open window or balcony for her. It makes me feel so terrible. I let her roam my apartment hallways when she begs. I let her drink water from the sink. I change and specifically get her turkey pate and wet food. I change my tone when talking to her. I started playing with her more. I don’t even know if she’s gaining or losing weight.  I’m doing the best I can with my deliberating mental/emotional health. 


My perception of all of it really dark and bad. Maybe she’s not dying. Maybe she’s perfectly fine. But to me, I feel as though I’m failing her in every way as a cat father and her best friend. I really don’t know what to do. The other cat I have is doing fine. He eats, plays, and reflective positive energy. He just existing really. 


But Kota? I have no idea what to do, where I went wrong, maybe it my fault for always being broke. I need to do better. I feel like such a failure. I lm fearful of waking up this week and finding her dead. I’m at loss. And I know cats hide themselves when they’re sick or near death, and to me , it seems like she’s hiding or been sleeping in really hidden spots or just on top of this soft blanket I have. 

I wish I can  give kota and I the life we deserve, but I feel as though I’m going to lose her before I have the chance. All i can say to her is that I’m sorry for failing her. I wish i had money.. I wish i had a car…"
1406,CatAdvice,ragdoll cuties,[removed]
1407,CatAdvice,Male cat trying to mate with kitten.,[removed]
1408,CatAdvice,Extremely worried about spaying my cat,"Hi all. I have a 4 month old kitten and I am going to be spaying her in a few months, but it’s giving me extreme anxiety. 

I know in most cases it’s a hassle free procedure, and they’re fine in a few days, but I still can’t help but worry. I love her so much and I am worried she will break her stitches at night and I will not hear her cry, or it will get infected etc. I’ve seen some posts here of similar scenarios, and I guess it’s amping up my anxiety. I also heard it changes cats personalities a lot. 

Anyone have any advice or similar experiences?"
1409,CatAdvice,Need Help Elderly paren and 13 cats,[removed]
1410,CatAdvice,Why does my cat try and drink water from everywhere except his fountain / bowl?,"We have a water fountain and two bowls of water in different areas. One of my cats doesn't drink much from them, but will run into the bathroom if you're there to try and drink out of the tap. He will also try and drink out of any cups you put down and every morning he licks the condensation from the windows."
1411,CatAdvice,How to feed cat wearing the cone of shame,[removed]
1412,CatAdvice,Should I just give up on collar?,[removed]
1413,CatAdvice,My cat keeps chasing my other cat out of the litter box (but in a fun way??),[removed]
1414,CatAdvice,adding free feeding to scheduled meals?,[removed]
1415,CatAdvice,"advice on male neutered kitten how keeps peeing on bed, has been to vet and all clear","I adopted a male kitten when he was 2 months old and he was neutered at 6 months old. I have always had some trouble before he was neutered of him peeing on my clothes and bed, I took him to the vet then and said it was most likely territorial and it would stop once he’s fixed. How much it is happening has gone down a lot but he is now 8 months old and is starting to do it again, so I worried about a UTI so I took him to the vet again and got an all clear health wise. I’m wondering how to help this problem, he still also pees in the litter box and no trouble with pooping ever."
1416,CatAdvice,I'm losing my cat.,[removed]
1417,CatAdvice,advice on keeping a kitten still during procedures?,"hi everyone, a month ago we rescued a stray cat with nerve trauma who is partially paralysed (hind legs). he needs a minimum of 15 minutes of massage 3 times a day and other physiotherapy in order to recover his muscle atrophy, but just doesn’t hold still. he bites me VERY hard and cries when i try to touch his back and massage it. he does not have “the catnip gene” as he’s not interested in it at all, so we can’t use catnip to distract him. we tried giving him treats in the process but he just devours them and goes on with biting, screaming and trying to run away desperately. petting him, praising him, etc. doesn’t work at all. we’ve been to the vet multiple times and they said we have to continue to massage him no matter what but honestly i have no idea how to at this point. i’m very upset about it. any advice?"
1418,CatAdvice,My cat just got surgery and I’d like recommendations for food to buy post-surgery.,[removed]
1419,CatAdvice,Y’all…,"I’m losing my mind, I adopted a 5mo old kitten.. she keeps climbing furniture. I don’t want to have aluminum foil chairs forever and I refuse to yell at her, is she going to be like this forever? Idk what to do, lol. I know she’s just being a kitten but jfc! Does spray work (not water, deterrent). Any recommendations?"
1420,CatAdvice,Newly adopted cat not using litter box - help!,[removed]
1421,CatAdvice,Ongoing behavioural issue with cat peeing outside litter box,[removed]
1422,CatAdvice,Tips on grooming a Persian cat?,"Hello! To give a little background, I'm staying with my grandmother, who took in a stray that's most likely a Persian (she lives on a farm, so she often finds strays dumped on or near her property). The cat is a spayed female, at least 2 years old (since that's about how long she's had her). Because of the characteristic pushed-in face and not having much of a neck, the cat can't groom her chest fur very well and ends up with mats there. My grandmother tries to comb them out regularly, but the cat gets squirmy very quickly. Any advice for ways to get her more comfortable being groomed, or ways to speed up the grooming so she's not being held as long?

Thanks in advance!"
1423,CatAdvice,We found 2 stray kittens and wanna know how to take care of them,"We found them on a road. They were calling for their mother.We waited like2-3 hours in hope that their mother will come but she didn't come.so we decided to take them home with us as the people said that someone left them here.So we brought them home and they are currently living in a cardboard box with 2 or 3 clothes under them.

So we wanna know how to take care of them.

None of us has ever took care of any pet so we don't have any idea on how to take care of them so a thorough guide will be helpful.

We don't know their age or anything about it or how to make them comfortable or what to feed them so pls help us.

And pls try to keep the supplies in a tight budget as we are just some teenagers.

Thanks in advance.

Here is the imageh
ttps://ibb.co/xGsQp4r"
1424,CatAdvice,Cat Keeps Flipping Bowl,Hey so I have an 8 month old kitten and for like the past week and a half he's been flipping his food bowl over and dumping it everywhere. At first I thought it was whisker fatigue and would place the food on the mat by itself but now he just flips over the mat. Any ideas as to why and what I can do so he stops?
1425,CatAdvice,How to stop my cat from meowing at the door?,[removed]
1426,CatAdvice,Cat Peeing Outside Litter Box,[removed]
1427,CatAdvice,"Visiting family with my cat, now he doesn’t seem to like my dog",[removed]
1428,CatAdvice,Does this behavior have significance?,My family just moved into our home after 14 months of living in a temporary house. Six months ago we adopted at kitten and he is an indoor so he has only ever known our temporary home. He is very active at night and does make small messes for us to clean up in the morning (knocks over garbage cans or our box of grocery bags). Moving into our home he was scared but eventually gained confidence by the end of the day. The first night he got out of hand like I haven’t seen before as I woke up to his water dish completely filled with cat litter? Is this slightly concerning or am I over reacting? What could this possibly mean?
1429,CatAdvice,Litter tracks everywhere,[removed]
1430,CatAdvice,Cat grooms constantly,[removed]
1431,CatAdvice,How to introduce a new cat in a one bedroom studio that doesn’t have separate rooms?,[removed]
1432,CatAdvice,"please, I need help (very long)",[removed]
1433,CatAdvice,Cats have stinky breath!,[removed]
1434,CatAdvice,Flea dirt,[removed]
1435,CatAdvice,My cat has some sort of bump on her lip,My cat has this bump on her lip. I just noticed it and it is new because i looked at some pics from the other day and its not there. I can’t add a picture but it does look like some sort of fluid and it’s pink. i know cats can get pimples but idk what hers is. *pls help*
1436,CatAdvice,Help with funding care for stray cat with broken leg requiring amputation,[removed]
1437,CatAdvice,female cat kept returning to litter box,[removed]
1438,CatAdvice,Has anyone used these cat wipes on their cats? Toxic ?,[removed]
1439,CatAdvice,What commonly spouted cat 'facts' do you believe are just misinformation?,[removed]
1440,CatAdvice,what commonly spouted cat care 'facts' are actually just misinformation?,[removed]
1441,CatAdvice,What commonly spouted 'facts' are actually cat misinformation?,[removed]
1442,CatAdvice,"Going away for 5 days, should we close off part of the house?",[removed]
1443,CatAdvice,"New Cat + Resident Cat introduction went wrong, now Resident Cat is fearful of her owner (my partner)",[removed]
1444,CatAdvice,Little tip if your cat’s not going to the bed you bought,[removed]
1445,CatAdvice,How do I get my kitten to stop using claws?,[removed]
1446,CatAdvice,"Cat throwing up, twice today.",[removed]
1447,CatAdvice,It's been a year and my car refuses to use the litter box.,[removed]
1448,CatAdvice,I threw my cat by accident,[removed]
1449,CatAdvice,GIARDIA HELP- tips on how to get rid of it once and for all,"Hello cat parents. My 6 month old kitten has tested positive for giardia for a 3rd time… I am currently feeling defeated. Any advice or strategies that helped you get rid of it or cleaning tips? anything would help at this point.

Some info: he is a sphynx (hairless) he gets bathed once a week and wiped down daily. I live in an apartment with carpet. I have used bleach and Clorox on all hard surfaces and roomba daily the carpets. I cleaned his toys, threw out all cardboard, and washed blankets/beds/etc using disinfectant detergent. I cleaned his food and water bowls daily too. I don’t know what else I can do."
1450,CatAdvice,yummy yogurt ♥︎,[removed]
1451,CatAdvice,Did my cat just ruin my chance of trapping this stray/feral cat 😭?,[removed]
1452,CatAdvice,"My cat is getting fat, advice anyone?","Hi! 
So just like the title says my indoor car has started to turn into a big furry ball. She is 1.5 years and a pretty small cat , should weight about 3.5 to be healthy. She has always been thin and been able to have food freely. These last 2 months I’ve noticed she’s starting to put on some weight and weighs about 4 kg now from weighing 3,5 for her whole adult life and still growing.

I’m having a bit of a hard time deciding how to deal with her feeding because I don’t want her to go hungry several hours a day or night. What I’ve started doing is giving her more wet food since it contains less calories and then she has her dry food to snack on during the day/night. The feeding instructions says that she needs 0.5 dl a day , and that’s without wet food, which I feel is a very small amount of food to feel full on 24h a day, especially when she eats it really fast and then have nothing. I have an activation feeder and a bowl and she always get some in her bowl and a free amount of food in the feeder since she only eats a small amount from it from time to time. And no, I can’t afford feeding her only wet food at this time but will do it when I’m finished with my studies and have a good income.

So my question is , should I stop giving her dry food in her bowl and only keep the activation feeder? I don’t know if she will eat enough then but since she seems to use it even when she has food in her bowl I think it would be a good option.

If else, what is I good feeding routine so that she won’t be without food for 8 hours at night or day. Right now I give her maybe 0.5-1 dl wet food every morning and evening and not sure how often or how much dry food I should give at what times.  I’m currently studying from home so I can pretty much feed her whenever so it’s hard to find a balance. I’m giving food for sterilised indoor cats  btw. 

This is my first time owning a cat so I don’t know how to keep them fit. Does anyone have any tips or ideas on how to keep my chonker from growing any more?😂 I play with her every day so she gets to run until she’s breathing heavy and gets tired. Sorry for the long post 🫣"
1453,CatAdvice,Can I use any type of wood pellets for cat litter?,[removed]
1454,CatAdvice,7 year old cat won’t pee in the right place,"Hey everyone, I’m new to the page and Reddit!

My lovely girl Yuki is struggling with peeing and pooping in litter trays. I have had her a year now and it’s always been a problem but it’s gotten much worse now to the point where she doesn’t go in them at all.

I have been to the vet and they have done all manner of tests and determined it has to be behavioural.

She will stand in the litter tray and poop just outside it. We have tried bigger litter trays, closed ones, open ones (all different litter too). You name it we have wasted money on it. We started using puppy pads which she now pees on and not the carpet, but she will also go to the edge of that and poop on the carpet.

I have another cat, she’s about a year old and Yuki gets on with her well and had this issue before she arrived at the house, but I feel I should mention this for context. Yuki is also an indoor cat as adviced by the shelter as she has never been outside and is a little dumb.

We love Yuki so much and I know she had a rough time before us (neglectful owner), but she is making it very hard to keep her at the moment as our flat just smells of cat poop.

Does anyone have any advice? We’re desperate!"
1455,CatAdvice,My cat likes my dog more than me,[removed]
1456,CatAdvice,7 month old cat started scratching carpet,[removed]
1457,CatAdvice,Advice on managing a flea outbreak,[removed]
1458,CatAdvice,Traveling with a new cat,"Hi all! I’m planning on adopting my first cat soon, a 1 year old female. I live alone in a 1 bedroom apartment. I have plans to visit my father over the holidays for about 4 days, and am hoping to take my new cat along with me (all my friends who could cat sit will also be out of town).

She will only have about 3-4 weeks to get comfortable with me and her new home before I take her on this trip. It’s about a 2 and a half hour drive. There will also be other cats at my dad’s house (my sister is bringing her two cats), but the house is big enough that we can easily keep them separated if they don’t get along.

Is this a bad idea? Is 3 weeks after adoption too soon to give her the stress of traveling to a different location? Wondering if I should just wait until after the holidays to adopt, or if I need to search harder for a cat sitter that’s available."
1459,CatAdvice,Sibling cats now hate each other,[removed]
1460,CatAdvice,Weird Cat Interaction with dogs,[removed]
1461,CatAdvice,my cats really lonely when I'm at work but doesn't like other cats,"Sorta as the title says, my cats lonely well I'm at work according to my roommate she walks around the house meowing till I get home. She's groomed the back of her front legs naked, I thought someone shaved the backs of them at first only to learn its from overgrooming.  I would've never guessed she was so lonely well I was gone because she's not any clingier when I'm at home, she's always super excited when I get home almost like a dog but she just kinda comes and goes for attention well I'm home.

I've been told I should get her a friend, but she's not meshed well with other cats. Her old owner rehomed her because she was bullying the new kitten they got and well my grandma was staying with us she and my grandma's cat didn't get along. She wasn't slowly introduced to either of the new cats so I'm wondering if we go slow it'd be different? 

My local shelter will let you ""trail run"" adoptions to see if they get along before finalizing so I'm debating on trying that.

Any tips or ideas appreciated. 


Also;
I've tried giving her cat TV and music to chill her when I'm not home, but seems to have no affect. My roommate doesn't hang out with her and likely won't be interested on doing so. She's a tortie and apparently they're known for their attitude problems? 🤔"
1462,CatAdvice,Introducing another cat in a studio?,"So I have a resident cat, he’s about 14 months old and he’s the sweetest boy, I haven’t had any behavioral issues with him. 

I plan on adopting a 5 month old kitten but unfortunately I live in a studio apartment so the separation method will be difficult for me to complete. (I have a very small bathroom and am concerned it may not be enough space to keep a kitten in for days straight. 

Since when I introduced my cat to my parents 2 cats several months ago he was completely fine and not aggressive in the slightest (albeit it was him entering their space), I feel that maybe I just let them in the room together and make sure to spend lots of time playing and giving treats to reinforce positively. 

Any help???"
1463,CatAdvice,Never. Ending. Diarrhea.,[removed]
1464,CatAdvice,temporary enviornment change,[removed]
1465,CatAdvice,My Girlfriend iIs Planning on Euthanizing Her Cat,[removed]
1466,CatAdvice,How do I discourage one cat from eating another cats food?,[removed]
1467,CatAdvice,Recovery tips for to-be spayed feral,[removed]
1468,CatAdvice,Is gabapentin considered a sedative? Can someone point me to a good resource with solid info? (Cats cannot be flown sedated per AVMA and I can't find good information),"Hi everyone - I do plan on asking the vet this, but since she is the one who prescribed it knowing the intention of use I wanted to see if anyone had additional information. I'm not sure if this is asking for medical advice (sorry if it is), but more-so ""where can I find more information on this to make me feel more confident that I am doing what I am supposed to be doing while not risking my cat's health?""

We are moving across the country and we have a 5.5hr flight coming up. We decided to fly the cats (as carry on, not cargo) over instead of having a 5 day drive dealing with hotels, etc. The vet prescribed them gabapentin to calm them down during travel, but American Airline's policies say the following:

""At the recommendation of the American Veterinary Medical Association (AVMA), American Airlines will not accept household dogs and cats that have been sedated or tranquilized. Pets that have been given sedatives or tranquilizers are at a higher risk of respiratory and cardiovascular problems at high altitudes.""

I know it is not a tranquilizer, but is gabapentin a sedative? I absolutely do not want to put my cats at risk. Can anyone help me find a resource that has additional information to clarify if gabapentin is a sedative and/or if it poses these risks? 

Thanks!"
1469,CatAdvice,Can my cat coexist with my parent's cat over the holidays?,"My 6mo old cat (Felix) and I are here at parent's house the week, and I'm wondering what kind of dynamic we should have with their 3yo resident cat (Max). 

We made the mistake of letting them meet right away. While there was no aggression (towards eachother), they were visibly uneasy. 

Both cats are quite docile, although Max is definitely more sensitive and can get stressed by unfamiliar people or change. Felix is very adaptable and easy-going; he's enjoyed socializing with my parents and exploring the house. He was very submissive and hesitant around Max when they met, and just kept his distance.

But to my surprise, Max was aggressive towards ME. Despite how they were only in the same room together for about 10 minutes (with no conflict), when I later tried to talk to/pet him, he growled, hissed, and even swatted at me. He hissed at my parents too when they tried, but he was significantly more aggressive towards me. 

It breaks my heart because he used to LOVE me, and I'm worried  that he might resent me now? We're keeping them separated; with Felix upstairs and Max downstairs (where he spends most of his time anyway.) Should we just not attempt to introduce them again and keep them separated?"
1470,CatAdvice,"My cat screams for hours in the morning, how do I make it stop?","My sweet little 3 y/o man is an angel, except for the first few hours of the morning. I don't let him sleep with me (I tried for a bit, but I was constantly getting woken up), so I keep him out of the bedroom at night. He's quiet during the night, and then around 6am, he starts wailing to be let in. He has a timed feeder that goes off at 7am, so he's not wanting for food; in fact, after the feeder goes off and he eats, he goes right back to screaming outside my bedroom door. I think he just wants attention.

I ignore him and I don't open the bedroom door until I'm actually ready to get up (around 7:30ish), at which point I'll let him in and give him snuggles and pets. But the hour and a half-ish of him just wailing is driving me insane. He's figured out how to put his face right up to the door and scream at me so he'll be even louder. 😭 Is there anything I can do to keep him from screaming in the morning? Does he need more toys/enrichment to keep him busy while I'm sleeping, or am I just going to be listening to The Song Of His People until the end of time?"
1471,CatAdvice,Kitten aggressive with foster cat,"Hello!

I have two cats, and recently started fostering a third cat. Our kitten, around 8mo, was rescued from a feral mother. She is very food motivated, which has historically made it super easy to train her to get used to things, but I am having trouble with how she interacts with the foster cat.

Half the time, she will completely ignore him - running past him to get into a room, or sharing a space with general disinterest. She is very treat motivated, and will nearly crawl \_under\_ the foster cat to get treats. She isn't defensive about it or anything, they just happily eat treats next to each other. She doesn't seem very smart.

However, our kitten will also chase him around the house, cornering him under tables, watching him like a hawk. She will hiss and sputter and take swings at him occasionally - it does not seem like play behavior and the foster cat definitely isn't reading it as such.

I'm not sure how to disincentivize her from picking fights. The foster cat is much bigger than her, I'm not worried about his safety that much, but he is also a sweet guy who clearly does not want to fight. He would much rather flee.

How do I keep them behaving when this behavior starts the moment she isn't distracted by treats?"
1472,CatAdvice,Tips for helping a stray i took in feel safe.,"It's only been a few days so i know every cat has a different timeline for adjustment, but is there anything i can do to help her feel safe? She has a private room and she is not locked in, but she seldom leaves. My other cat will sometimes keep her company and she will sit close to him. Other than that she hides behind a shelf most of the time. She is eating and drinking and using the litter box just fine. I keep a camera in there to check on her. I have not tried to get too close to her so i don't scare her. i want her to trust me on her own terms. Anything i can do to help her along?"
1473,CatAdvice,Cat is making me miserable,[removed]
1474,CatAdvice,allergies &amp; living situations,"my boyfriend told me he doesn’t want me and my cat living with him anymore. my aunt kindly offered to let me stay there and use the basement as my bedroom, but she won’t let me bring my cat. my uncle and cousin have allergies (not even close to deadly). my cousin has only had flare ups when cuddling her or being extremely close to her. when they helped my parents move across state they were cooped up in the car with me and her and had no problems. they also stayed in my parents new apartment with her for two weeks and still no problems. (they also have a dog.) i completely understand not wanting the possibility of having to deal allergies, but she would be in the basement with me all the time. i even asked my aunt (doesn’t have allergies) if we could just try it out and see but she turned me down. i’m going to offer to buy a air purifier, vacuum everyday, bathe her every week, and even pay them but i don’t know if that’s enough. my cat deserves a better life than this and i just got a job to pay off a $1,300 vet bill so getting a place to stay on my own is not an option. i’ve even looked for roommates. if anyone has any advice or more suggestions, i’m desperate."
1475,CatAdvice,Cat tearing up couches,"Hello, how do i stop cat that likes to tear up couches but doesn’t like to play with cat toys/towers?"
1476,CatAdvice,My cat has been trying to tell me ever since I first got him that he was sick.,[removed]
1477,CatAdvice,What is this bulge?,[removed]
1478,CatAdvice,Tiny bit of cat poop on comforter,[removed]
1479,CatAdvice,Fostering a Newly Leg Amputated Cat,[removed]
1480,CatAdvice,My cat is on a diet and out for revenge,[removed]
1481,CatAdvice,Advice on roomates cat with dental issues?,[removed]
1482,CatAdvice,sleeping w/ 2 cats in a studio apartment,"im in a studio apartment with no doors or extra rooms other than a closet (i would never put my cat in a closet obvi). i got two cats about a month ago. they cuddle up with me and fall asleep around 10, then around 1-5 they are meowing, running around the house, being cats i guess. i havent slept more than 2 hours the past month, no exaggeration. not sure what to do, im going insane"
1483,CatAdvice,my cat’s eating habits are driving me nuts,"she’s a 3.5kg (thereabouts) cat who eats barely 30g of kibble + 70g of wet food. she has a problem with eating wet food.

the 70g is with me giving her multiple reminders, to the extent of spoon feeding her the wet food. i’ve tried googling and trying out what google suggests, like heating up the food, changing type of wet food, adding dry to the wet food, adding her favourite treats in it, taking the food away and giving it to her a little later, but she either flat out rejects after a few bites, or just picks out the parts she likes. she leaves usually about half or a quarter of a bowl behind, no matter how much i reduce the food. even the can of food she likes the most, at times she’ll not eat it or she requires me to remind her that there is half left before she’ll eat. 

she is fed at set timings, 2 times kibble and 1 time wet food. the vet has cleared her of any health issues. she doesn’t seem to be losing weight, and is very active.

please help. i love her to bits but it’s been an extremely frustrating nightly affair getting her to finish the wet food. i’m afraid she’ll become underweight or have health problems because she doesn’t seem to be eating enough, based on what’s recommended. any advice would be greatly appreciated."
1484,CatAdvice,How to clean cat's skin/fur after flea and worm treatment?,[removed]
1485,CatAdvice,I think I did my introduction wrongly...,[removed]
1486,CatAdvice,Cat keeps meowing when alone,"Hello, I just got a Russian blue mix, female, 7 months. She is use to being around a lot of other cats but I could only get one. Everytime I leave her in a room alone, she starts to meow and I feel bad but I do have to go to work, go out with friends, just leave the house eventually. I feel bad though, she’s so use to having alot of company that the moment she’s alone, she sounds like she is sad. Tried to catify her room with a cat tree, toys and all that so she wouldn’t be bored. She still meows when alone, it has been 3 days since I got her. Will it just take some time or is there something else I can do? I also try my best to ignore her when she is meowing so I don’t reinforce that behavior."
1487,CatAdvice,Feeding schedule,[removed]
1488,CatAdvice,anyone elses cat destroys anything string related?,"so my cat is a lil over a year old, since hes turned one hes destroyed every single pair of shoes w laces my partner and i own. hes chewed through some of my clothes, and anything that looks like it may be a string he chews through it. if wires have that fabric covering, he will chew it - he doesnt go for wires, he specifically goes for things that have fabric / looks like a shoelace. 

hes not allowed in closets, all shoes are put away, and we make any guests w laces take their shoes off at the door and im wary of buying anything electronic that has a string look. i do wanna mention that i make sure to monitor in the case he ingests any string. its like a compulsion he has, thats the best that i can describe it. 

i do play w him regularly, but im not dismissing that this may be a behavior of boredom. ive been considering getting a second cat so he has someone to play w when i cant. do u think this would help phase out this behavior? if anyone has gone thru this, do u have any advice besides what we're already doing? 

i have friends that also have cats, and none of them seem to be experiencing anything like this with their current cats or past cats."
1489,CatAdvice,"My cat is geting chonky, advise anyone?",[removed]
1490,CatAdvice,Scottish Fold does not scratch,[removed]
1491,CatAdvice,Cat thinks asthma inhaler is hissing,[removed]
1492,CatAdvice,My boyfriend wants to re-home our new kitten,"We got a kitten back in October. She was a stray. The vet said she was around 7-8 months. When we found her she was skin and bones and very weak. But after getting some food in her she started showing her personality. She is 100% cat. She’s been clawing on furniture despite us having multiple cat trees. She’s been waking us up at all hours of the night, either messing with things in the bedroom, or meowing at the top of her lungs for no apparent reason. This morning was the final straw for my boyfriend. The kitten has started knocking over any full glass she sees. We try to stop her before she does it but she’s very quiet and sneaky and we don’t see her do it until it’s too late. This morning, she found a glass of water in my boyfriend’s office and knocked it over and it poured all over his work laptop. He was furious and is now demanding we re-home her. I feel bad because I’ve grown fond of her. I know these things are just things kittens do. And I feel like she’ll either grow out of it, or we’ll just have to get better about watching her around cups and redirecting her. But my boyfriend is officially done with her. Is there anything I can do?"
1493,CatAdvice,Best UK brand food for cat prone to cystitis.,[removed]
1494,CatAdvice,"my cat HATES CATNIP, why?",[removed]
1495,CatAdvice,Moving my cat into an apartment with 2 new cats,[removed]
1496,CatAdvice,Trouble with cat introduction!,"My boyfriend and I recently adopted a 5 year old cat (Bebe) and have had our resident cat (Bowser) for 2 years. We adopted Bebe almost 2.5 weeks ago and have been working on a gradual introduction. Things have been going mostly really great. We’ve gotten them to the point of eating directly in front of each other through a doo and have let them see each other from a distance. 

We started to move them into the same room a few days ago. We keep them both distracted and Bebe does great at first. Bowser (resident cat) is very perplexed by her and spends most of his time observing her play. He is comfortable enough to be briefly distracted by treats. 

This lasts roughly 15 mins before Bebe decides to randomly hunt Bowser and attack him. Nothing serious, just chasing, hisses, and swats. We separate immediately. My boyfriend has read that we should allow them to set boundaries like this, but I’ve read that we should always leave introductions on a positive note. Does anyone have insight on this or know why Bebe might randomly pouncing? Thanks!!!

Also note: Bebe had a previous owner and lived with another cat (that she mostly avoided) and a dog (that she really liked)"
1497,CatAdvice,Help my cats missing,[removed]
1498,CatAdvice,I am a new kitten father and have some questions regarding that kitten.,[removed]
1499,CatAdvice,My cat will not stop peeing outside of the litter box,"Hi everyone,

I have a one year old cat who occasionally (once or twice a day) will pee outside of her litter box. She is spayed and according to her vet is healthy. She usually pees in front of doors, like the bathroom door if it is closed or my roommate's door or even the front door even though she does not like the outside. I've been trying to combat the issue by making sure to take her with me when I use the bathroom and my roommate is trying to do the same but recently I went on a trip and had to leave my cat with my roommate and the peeing got worse so now I'm looking for a long-term solution. 

The peeing started about a month after I adopted her (which would be march 2022). Around the same time she fell the bathtub while I was taking a bath. I don't know how significant of an incident it was but the peeing started around the same time. She isn't that squeemish of water nowadays so I don't think that is the reason for it. Also, my roommate moved in a little while after that. 

Here are the solutions I already tried:

1- Taking her with me to the bathroom and keeping doors open (which isn't always possible). 

2- Putting her in the litterbox after meals and after she sleeps. Works somewhat well, except for when I am at work or at night (so half of the time).

3- Changing litters. I use a clumping small pellet litter, which is what vets recommend for these kinds of issues. I scoop multiple times every day and change out the litter every month.

4- Changing her food. She gets wet food each morning and dry food throughout the day. Don't know what else I could do about that. 

She is overall a somewhat nervous cat. She will usually meow outside our doors whenever we close them and meow when we come back from the outside. I've also very briefly given Feliway (the spray version) a try and it seemed to work but I've read very mixed reviews and I wanted to ask here before committing to it. 

At this point I'm pretty desparate to solve this issue and would be open to any suggestions. If you have any questions or need more information, please ask. Thank you :)"
1500,CatAdvice,Soft poops even after a month,[removed]
1501,CatAdvice,Anxious about vet visit,[removed]
1502,CatAdvice,Staticky Cat,[removed]
1503,CatAdvice,Should I surrender my cat or not?,"So I have three cats and I just moved out of my parents house for the first time into a spacious two bedroom apartment by myself. My oldest cat I've had for five years, then there's the ""outside cat"" I took with me who is three years old. Then I have a young one who is only a year and a half. My young one is the kitten of the ""outside cat"" and has been indoors since she was old enough to be separated as I somehow convinced my parents to let her in.

So, the problem is I moved to a new place four days ago and my youngest cat went into shock mode. She stopped eating and was hiding which is very unlike her. She's an energetically playful cat and very, very food motivated so it's depressing to see her like this. She's slowly coming around but her playful energy hasn't been restored and I'm fearful she might be lonely during the day while I'm at work. My apartment is also in a big complex so there are little noises here and there too that she seems to be sensitive to; my parents live in a rural country home with no background noise.

She loves the other two cats, but I think she misses my parents more than anything. My dad gave her a lot of attention and he's retired, so he was home with her all day. Both my parents are not cat people but they love her and practically begged me to let them keep her. Now that she's with me, I'm having doubts on whether or not it's right for me to have her. She doesn't seem like herself and I know she'd probably be happier in her old home with somebody who will be with her all day. But then again, I've had her since she was born and I also love her a lot and would miss her.

Would it be better to bring her back to my parents or keep her? I've been an emotional wreck and so conflicted over this because I don't want to give her up but I want what's best for her. I really want more opinions to help me come to a concrete decision; I know cats are sensitive to change so if I choose to bring her back, I would want to do it soon so that I don't further traumatize her.

Also, for reference, I live two hours away from my parents and would not be able to see her often. Hence, why this is such a big decision for me."
1504,CatAdvice,My cat is HARASSING me with food,[removed]
1505,CatAdvice,Wanting random love in middle of night killing my sleep?,[removed]
1506,CatAdvice,/!\ HELP /!\ Cat has poop stuck on is butt hair,[removed]
1507,CatAdvice,Kitten hisses and bites when I try to pick him up,"So I have a kitten that is about 4 months old. He doesn't like getting picked up unless he is standing, if he is laying down and you try to pick him up he will start slapping you, biting and will even hiss multiple times.

Like last time he laid down on my chair and I had a very important class coming up, when I tried to pick him up he hissed like three times and bit me. 

Again, this only happens when you try to pick him up while he is laying down. Now you can say ""don't pick him up then, but if he doesn't like it"" well what if he is in danger? 

 He was neutered like a month ago btw"
1508,CatAdvice,Need advice for two sick kitties!,"I just adopted a new kitten and when I got her she had a cold which she still has it’s only been three days. I took her to the vet and she’s on antibiotics and eye ointment. Now my other cat has started the cold even though they’ve been separate. It makes me feel terrible that they’re both sick and I can’t  be in the same room with each of them at a time. I’m sure it spread through my clothing, as I’ve been washing my hands frequently. Any advice on how to get them better quickly? Is there anything else I can do at home besides medication and cleaning their faces? Thanks!!"
1509,CatAdvice,"desperate, sad and feel like a bad cat parent","My cat is a 5 year old female,fixed. She's been peeing and pooping in front of and next to the litter box but also peeing and pooping in it. No change in type of litter and no stressful changes within the last 2 years. What should I do? I will be taking her to the vet soon"
1510,CatAdvice,My cat was diagnosed with a congenital disorder today and the vet says it will just get worse...,[removed]
1511,CatAdvice,How to store smelly cat toys?,"odour-proof, obviously. :'-)

I have come to terms with the smell of catnip. but valerian. valerian is a whole other story. I can't stand it. even packed in a (perforated) zipper bag and stowed away in a dresser, I can still detect it. 

How do you deal with those smelly toys? 

Is tupperware the compromise solution - and safe at the same time? 
I am afraid that if it is stored air-tight, mold or fungus could grow (unnoticed) and thus harm my cats. 

Mona and Lilith thank you for every input that prevents those toys from being thrown away!"
1512,CatAdvice,Pet insurance and initial vet appointment questions,[removed]
1513,CatAdvice,roommate neglects cat,[removed]
1514,CatAdvice,"Cat peeing outside of litterbox, need reassurance","Hi all. My cat Sasha recently started peeing on my rug and clothes. He's spayed, 4 years old, and had a vet checkup - he's in good health! I don't recall any recent changes, washed the litterbox, changed the litter, cleaned all the pee stains...no luck.

I'm starting to get really scared that that will be our life from now on, if you overcame such a problem in the past please share stories because all I can find is people giving up their cats because of this :("
1515,CatAdvice,Looking for advice on how to proceed with a new semiferal cat,[removed]
1516,CatAdvice,How to calm down a stressed cat?,[removed]
1517,CatAdvice,"Introduced new cats fine, but resident cat keeps biting/attacking new cat?? What do I do","It’s been a few weeks since I introduced a new cat to the house, we seperated them and did everything right. There was no hissing and we eventually let them out together. It went fine but after some time the resident cat kept jumping onto the new cat and biting his neck, he get on doing this over and over untill we had to seperate them again. They have been seperated for ages now but every time I let them together they are kind of fighting, where the resident cat goes on his back and puts the new cat into a headlock and they repeatedly bite eachother, might be play but they get really rough sometimes and the new cat cries. It happens over and over even though there is no hissing or real fighting going on."
1518,CatAdvice,Neighbors cat..advice please!,"My neighbor  has a super cool cat. I've lived here for 6 years, and in that time I've seen him outside maybe 5 times. However , hes going through a dovorce and ive noticed lots of changes at his house. His dogs gone, the yard is a mess, and hes barely home anymore.  For the past two weeks his owner has been gone a lot, and he always let's him out when he leaves. In fact let's just say the cat is out more than its in.  everyday for 2 weeks he has come to my house, sometimes 3 or 4 times(as estly as 4am and sometimes past midnight, so all hours of the day). He tries to come inside and meows by my back door. Hes always hungry, and ive noticed more and more fight wounds on his face in that time as well.  It's also really cold here, maybe high 30s in the day and down to 19 or less at night. Way too cold for him to be outside for hours at a time. 
I feel so bad for the cat, he just comes and meows and scratches at my door. He even has followed me on a walk yesterday and came home with me. 
I almost get this vibe my neighbor is hoping he will just ""disappear"", because he never let hin roam around like this before. Hes also a very unique breed and very friendly, I'm surprised he hasn't been taken yet.
So what can I do? I thought maybe writing a note , but honesty I don't know how to approach it.i totally have considered just keeping the cat. I love the cat, and he's welcome here. I'm mad about the situation because poor kitty is being tossed out into he freezing cold, only to come here and beg to be let in.  Any advice on how I can handle this?"
1519,CatAdvice,FIV Cat wants to go outside and is bored,[removed]
1520,CatAdvice,Feedback wanted: Disabled Couple with a very hyper and aggressive kitten,[removed]
1521,CatAdvice,Cat has had excessive amount of dandruff on her &amp; brush is just doing it,My f 12 cat has had dandruff for about a year now but now it’s so bad that the brush isn’t getting down to it so what can I do to get all her dandruff off?
1522,CatAdvice,"Cat of 2 years got spooked by movers, now she's completely different","Was having a couch moved into the place when a bag full of pillows fell and my cat of 2 years, who's three years old, ran right upstairs to hide under the bed as the noise startled her. At the time I didn't think much of it, I checked on her and she was sleeping, so I thought she was fine. Hours later I realized she was still under there. I tried to coax her out with treats and toys, and she didn't respond at all. I left her for a few more hours but when I came to check on her again she had not moved from her spot at all. At this point I was worried so I crawled under and brought her out, and she was so spooked, acting completely different, wanting to run under the bed again. I'm cuddling her right now and giving her treats, which seems to help, but I've never had this happen before and I'm wondering is this normal? What can I do to help her?"
1523,CatAdvice,What can I do (and avoid) to encourage my cat to be a cuddly lap cat again?,[removed]
1524,CatAdvice,Switching foods with multiple cats!,"Hello everyone!

My partner, and I recently took in a 6yr old cat(D) from a rehoming situation. We already had our current 7yr old cat(R). R suffers from feline herpes, and has always been on a grain free diet to help with those symptoms(whether it does or not is another question in itself, feel free to voice your thoughts.) D suffers from urinary issues, and came to us with urinary care dry food that he never seemed to avoid, and ate R's dry food. We have since switched him to R's dry food, and put him on Authority Urinary Care wet food for this reason. R's wet food is Purina Beyond grain free, and the current dry is Purina One True Instinct grain free.

We are looking to switch their foods to something to possibly help with weight loss for R, as he is overweight. We don't have any concerns with D's issues, and wouldn't consider him overweight by any means but he definitely could make his way to being a chonker very easily. An option we have found is Authority Hairball Control + Weight Management dry food. They also make a wet Healthy Weight food.

My question I guess is... are we better to switch R's wet food to the Healthy Weight stuff, and leave them both on current dry food... Switch R over to the Authority wet/dry weight food, but also give D the new dry food!? OR just switch the dry food for both, and leave R on his current wet food.

Is there better options for weight wet/dry out there? That was the best budget friendly option we could find. Hills was an option but is on the higher end of budget range. 

Thanks in advance, I know this may be a bit of a confusing/long winded post!"
1525,CatAdvice,Cat keeps urinating on the couch.,[removed]
1526,CatAdvice,orange on orange violence,[removed]
1527,CatAdvice,"My female 8mo. old kitten has serious aggression issues, and I’ve tried everything",[removed]
1528,CatAdvice,Recently just rescued an 8 week old kitten. Older cat is NOT HAPPY. help :(,"Hi all. So around two years ago I got my first place and always wanted a cat so I went to the humane society and looked at cats. I fell in love with this black cat and she was the longest resident. She was around a year old and so sweet and crazy. She’s so active and loves climbing and playing and talking lol. Anyway, she’s around 3 years old now and still is so active so I thought we could get another cat. We tried to get a male cat around a year ago and it went after her a few times and stressed her out so we got rid of it. She always grew up with cats and came into the shelter with two other cats. My friend stayed and brought her cats over and my cat was fine. So we thought a female kitten would be perfect. 

I found one and brought it home last night from a friend who found her in a storm drain. She’s been to the vet but still needs fixed. My cat is FREAKING OUT. this kitten is skkkk tiny and probably only around 8/9 weeks old and SO SWEET. my cats hair immediately went up and she started hissing and growing. Never seen her act like that. Have the kitten in the bathroom with litter food bed and toys and my cat is walking slow and low and hiding and freaked out. Will this get better? Did I make a mistake? I didn’t think she’d hate a baby so much she’s the best cat ever and so friendly. Help :("
1529,CatAdvice,Posting here about food opinions - Hill's Prescription Diet vs. Purina Pro-Plan,"**I posted a similar post on** r/AskVet **but haven't received any response. :( I hope this isn't against the rules, as a disclaimer I am open to anecdotal experience &amp; opinions because I haven't been able to get a straight answer from a vet either in-person or online!**

**Tl;dr** is -- has anyone tried switching from **Hill's Prescription diet i/d Digestive Care to Purina Pro-Plan EN Gastoenteric? Canned wet food only.** Purina is $67 for 24 cans online whereas my vet office charges $109 for 24 cans of Hill's Prescription. 

I have called multiple vet offices, and there doesn't seem to be a straight answer anywhere. It's a lot of ''I don't know'', including from my vet who said ''maybe there is a cheaper alternative''. Another vet office thought this would work, but in general there just seems to be a lot of uncertainty. 

Reason cat was put on it - basically, he's an old boi who was having some digestion problems and allergies. He is being given an allergy shot now. The vet wants him to be on ''low residue'' food. 

Your thoughts / experiences / opinions are appreciated!"
1530,CatAdvice,Is it really bad if usually very hungry cat doesn’t seem as interested in food all of a sudden?,[removed]
1531,CatAdvice,my cat sucks on blankets after eating?,[removed]
1532,CatAdvice,Kitten and electronics obsession,[removed]
1533,CatAdvice,Our oldest resident cat is like Jekyll and Hide with our new kitten,"Hello all, I currently am the mom to 3 wonderful cats! I will be referring to them by number they were adopted so number 1 is the oldest and 3 is the youngest! 

Number 1 came home as a 3.5 month old kitten almost two years ago. When we brought home number 2 a few months later, it was like soulmates meeting for the first time! They loved each other immediately and have been inseparable ever since so I thought a new kitten wouldn’t be much of an issue.

Fast forward to now and I’ve completely fallen in love with a new kitten and have brought him home. We did the slow introduction, scent swapping, feeding together, and playing together (only positive experiences). There were green flags the whole way through. Not a single hiss or swat. Number 1 was playing with the new baby and zooming around like a kitten again. Now I thought they must be ready to sleep all together last night but number one went completely Mr. Hyde, hissing and swatting like he’d never seen this cat before! (Mind you they were snuggling on the couch just an hour before). He even swatted at number 2, something he normally would never do.

I have a strong inkling he’s possessive of our bed, or maybe he’s possessive of snuggling with me? He’s normally the cuddler and number 2 lays by my feet so there’s never been a rift before. Last night he was being insufferable so I put him in our guest room to sleep. And now this morning, him and number 3 are all good once again! 

I guess my big question is what can I do to benefit all parties? I don’t want to sleep without the baby because I don’t want him being alone, and I don’t want to encourage inappropriate urination for number 1 because I’m alienating him. Maybe I’m just paranoid but is there anything I can do to work this out?"
1534,CatAdvice,"My cats know not to go into certain rooms, why do they persist?","My two cats know not to to in the guest bedroom but they do it anyways and then SPRINT out when I catch them. They know they screwed up, how do I make them stop doing this behavior? 

Same thing goes with my kitchen counter."
1535,CatAdvice,Preventing cats on the kitchen counter?,[removed]
1536,CatAdvice,Third eyelid,[removed]
1537,CatAdvice,"Kitten very restless after surgery, how to keep them calm",[removed]
1538,CatAdvice,Cat not wanting to clean it's butt.? Any advice?,[removed]
1539,CatAdvice,Why is my cat being super affectionate with me all of a sudden?,[removed]
1540,CatAdvice,Does this fall under separation anxiety?,[removed]
1541,CatAdvice,How to stop free feeding cat?,"I have two male kitties, my vet just told me my cat is just a little overweight he's around 5.9kg and the other one is around 5kg so I've decided to stop free feeding them after reading more about it online.

I feed them around 100g wet food at 6pm already and I'm willing to switch to wet food in full because dry foods usually don't have enough proteins etc. 

Ideally I want to feed them twice a day, can I just take their dry food away and start feeding them wet food in the morning too or would that not work? I'm scared they might not get enough food since I read a cat can get sick if you take away the amount they are used to right away."
1542,CatAdvice,My kitten got sterilised and I have problem with finding her food,[removed]
1543,CatAdvice,Anybody use Call of the Wild cat food?,"I’ve been buying this cat food since the ingredients list seemed to check out…..but recently my cats have not been wanting to eat it. My moms cat uses the same food and they recently switched foods because my moms cat stopped wanting to eat it too. I’m a little worried, do you think it’s a taste thing or is this food bad?? I buy a different flavor each time I buy a bag too. Should I switch foods? Any recommendations? My cats have sensitive stomachs"
1544,CatAdvice,Moving with my 8 month car from India to Toronto,[removed]
1545,CatAdvice,Incorporating wet food in cats diet.,"Hi so my cat has always eaten dry food, she's about 6 years old, so basically her whole life. Lately I've been reading about the benefits of wet cat food so i bought some tiki cat salmon and chicken canned food, and instantly she loved it. I gave her a spoon and a half of it, and she inhaled it in seconds lol. Anyways should I continue a slow gradual incorporation of the food? My worries are her getting an upset stomach, also should i exclude dry food completely or do a mix of dry and wet?"
1546,CatAdvice,Cat has become obsessed with socks,"Hi,

We have two cats. One of them is quite an anxious cat and who we believe to have pica as he has an obsession with trying to eat plastic (spoke to vet about this). In the past few days he has become obsessed with carrying around socks (sometimes bras or underwear!) and will growl at anyone who comes near him. He’s swiped at me once when I’ve gone near him. We are concerned he’s going to become an aggressive cat (he’s really lovely most of the time) and was wondering if there is a way to nip this behaviour in the bud. Tried reducing his access to where he can get the socks but he seems to be able to find them when his mind is set on it 😅"
1547,CatAdvice,Kittens going wild?,[removed]
1548,CatAdvice,Cat deterrent spray that actually works,[removed]
1549,CatAdvice,"Atopic dermatitis, CBD and needing support",[removed]
1550,CatAdvice,My new kitten stole my cats tree thing.,[removed]
1551,CatAdvice,Cat meows for hours every morning even though I have an automatic feeder,I’ve read so many articles online and watched videos and have not been able to find a good solution. We’ve been using an automatic feeder for most of my cats life (about a year) and every morning he will meow outside my door for hours before and after being fed by the feeder. As most advice suggests I just ignore it so he learns that his meowing doesn’t lead to anything but I still have to get up and leave my room eventually and I can’t help but feel like he sees that as reinforcement. Anyone else have this experience?
1552,CatAdvice,Third eye lid,[removed]
1553,CatAdvice,How long will it take for my cat to stop hating my new kitten?,[removed]
1554,CatAdvice,How to I get him to leave the couch alone?,[removed]
1555,CatAdvice,Kitten not reading cat body language,[removed]
1556,CatAdvice,Will wrapping my Christmas tree on netting help?,"My 1yr old just loves to climb my fake tree, and last night she got herself stuck in the lights (it’s a pre lit tree). I’ve redone the lights to make it harder to get stuck in them, but what about wrapping the bottom in netting? Something with small holes she can’t get through. Has anyone done this? Any other tips to get her out of the tree? 

I’ve tried sprays, citrus, vinegar. Nothing scented works for her."
1557,CatAdvice,Will wrapping the tree in netting help?,"My 1yr old just loves to climb my fake tree, and last night she got herself stuck in the lights (it’s a pre lit tree). I’ve redone the lights to make it harder to get stuck in them, but what about wrapping the bottom in netting? Something with small holes she can’t get through. Has anyone done this? Any other tips to get her out of the tree? 

I’ve tried sprays, citrus, vinegar. Nothing scented works for her."
1558,CatAdvice,Cats not getting along and cat chocolate?,"I'm looking for advice on helping our two cats get along. we have a tabby (7 yo) weve had since a kitten, and a Maine Coon (4 yo) we adopted in August.

We followed the slow introduction advice as best we could. However we have hit an impasse with aggressive chasing. The tabby has always been a bit aggressive with chasing and stalking behaviours.

They've never actually fought outright, but light swatting and growling is common at the end of a chase...

The thing is they can go a day or more getting along and then just start. We have a camera up to record and cannot find a trigger, although the stairs in the house seem to be the area where conflict usually starts.

We are not sure if these are play attempts, something we need to let happen on occasion so they can sort hierarchy, or what to do. FWIW we did just leave it for a weekend and while it did keep happening it didn't escalate.

Note: they are separated at all times if we cannot be there to watch them.

As a side note to this we are really struggling with rewards for the Maine Coon. She has no interest in any sort of cat treats but will absolutely try her luck at stealing chocolate and sweets if they are not watched, so any advice for appropriate sweet treats would be great.

Any advice or help would be great."
1559,CatAdvice,Cat meowing loud from 5am to 7am,"My partner and I moved to a new apartment 1month ago.
My cat was a bit confused during the first weeks, but he adapted fairly quick to his new home. 
We decided to get a lot of wardrobes in our hallway. During the first weeks we didn’t have still the doors mounted on them and guess what… our cat found in them the perfect spots to hide and sleep.
Few weeks ago we mounted the doors on the wardrobes and from then the cat every morning at 5am or so, starts to meowing in front of these doors, and beat his paws very loud against that, he is also very stubborn and goes on for hours till we “wake up” at 7.30am. We can’t sleep and I’m also worried that his loud meowing disturbs the neighbours.
My assumptions is that my cat thinks the wardorbe interior is his territory and he needs to have access to it. I really don’t want him to have access or start a new habit and getting up to open the doors at his demand.
Of course he has all the comforts, scratch tree, interactive toys, full access to all the house (except wardrobes’ interior).
He rarely meowd during his whole life (he’s 5yo)
Any advice would be gold!"
1560,CatAdvice,Cat Peeing Outside the Litter Box,[removed]
1561,CatAdvice,"My cat suddenly started to hate Orijen, alternatives?",[removed]
1562,CatAdvice,Am I Missing Something?,[removed]
1563,CatAdvice,Keeping house smelling nice with cat who has asthma,[removed]
1564,CatAdvice,My kitten plays very aggressively and it isn't getting better,"Hello everyone! I would like some tips on how to manage my kitten. He is around 2-3 months old (he was a stray kitten) and when he is in active, playing mode he is really aggressive and bites a lot. For example, he jumps on our arms, bites, and kicks and we can barely get him off. He sometimes even hurts himself because he is just so pumped up. But other times when he is in a chill mood he is really cuddly and doesn't hurt us. We have tried with my partner to just leave him alone when he becomes aggressive (we read this tip online) and even blowing some air on him (for the advice of our vet) but nothing seems to work. Any other ideas?:("
1565,CatAdvice,"idk what’s going on with my cat, it’s leading me to think she’s sick or near death","On mobile, sorry for format 

She’s about 3-4 years old. A simple black cat. I had her since i was 19. We had a struggle of life (don’t we all) but we’re making it work as best as we can. her behaviors have been changing recently. i made a post a while ago asking about her eating habits and why they changed. 


She just seems so depressed. My gf suggest my cat is reflecting my mood and energy. Cats are pretty reflective on that. But I don’t know, I don’t believe she is. 


I don’t have any money or transportation to get her to a vet or even have a consistent doctor for her, that makes me feel like shit. I was recently unemployed, but I have an interview set up. I want to give her a good life. I understand my apartment unit is shit and i don’t have an open window or balcony for her. It makes me feel so terrible. I let her roam my apartment hallways when she begs. I let her drink water from the sink. I change and specifically get her turkey pate and wet food. I change my tone when talking to her. I started playing with her more. I don’t even know if she’s gaining or losing weight.  I’m doing the best I can with my deliberating mental/emotional health. 


My perception of all of it really dark and bad. Maybe she’s not dying. Maybe she’s perfectly fine. But to me, I feel as though I’m failing her in every way as a cat father and her best friend. I really don’t know what to do. The other cat I have is doing fine. He eats, plays, and reflective positive energy. He just existing really. 


But Kota? I have no idea what to do, where I went wrong, maybe it my fault for always being broke. I need to do better. I feel like such a failure. I lm fearful of waking up this week and finding her dead. I’m at loss. And I know cats hide themselves when they’re sick or near death, and to me , it seems like she’s hiding or been sleeping in really hidden spots or just on top of this soft blanket I have. 

I wish I can  give kota and I the life we deserve, but I feel as though I’m going to lose her before I have the chance. All i can say to her is that I’m sorry for failing her. I wish i had money.. I wish i had a car…"
1566,CatAdvice,ragdoll cuties,[removed]
1567,CatAdvice,Male cat trying to mate with kitten.,[removed]
1568,CatAdvice,Extremely worried about spaying my cat,"Hi all. I have a 4 month old kitten and I am going to be spaying her in a few months, but it’s giving me extreme anxiety. 

I know in most cases it’s a hassle free procedure, and they’re fine in a few days, but I still can’t help but worry. I love her so much and I am worried she will break her stitches at night and I will not hear her cry, or it will get infected etc. I’ve seen some posts here of similar scenarios, and I guess it’s amping up my anxiety. I also heard it changes cats personalities a lot. 

Anyone have any advice or similar experiences?"
1569,CatAdvice,Need Help Elderly paren and 13 cats,[removed]
1570,CatAdvice,Why does my cat try and drink water from everywhere except his fountain / bowl?,"We have a water fountain and two bowls of water in different areas. One of my cats doesn't drink much from them, but will run into the bathroom if you're there to try and drink out of the tap. He will also try and drink out of any cups you put down and every morning he licks the condensation from the windows."
1571,CatAdvice,How to feed cat wearing the cone of shame,[removed]
1572,CatAdvice,Should I just give up on collar?,[removed]
1573,CatAdvice,My cat keeps chasing my other cat out of the litter box (but in a fun way??),[removed]
1574,CatAdvice,adding free feeding to scheduled meals?,[removed]
1575,CatAdvice,"advice on male neutered kitten how keeps peeing on bed, has been to vet and all clear","I adopted a male kitten when he was 2 months old and he was neutered at 6 months old. I have always had some trouble before he was neutered of him peeing on my clothes and bed, I took him to the vet then and said it was most likely territorial and it would stop once he’s fixed. How much it is happening has gone down a lot but he is now 8 months old and is starting to do it again, so I worried about a UTI so I took him to the vet again and got an all clear health wise. I’m wondering how to help this problem, he still also pees in the litter box and no trouble with pooping ever."
1576,CatAdvice,I'm losing my cat.,[removed]
1577,CatAdvice,advice on keeping a kitten still during procedures?,"hi everyone, a month ago we rescued a stray cat with nerve trauma who is partially paralysed (hind legs). he needs a minimum of 15 minutes of massage 3 times a day and other physiotherapy in order to recover his muscle atrophy, but just doesn’t hold still. he bites me VERY hard and cries when i try to touch his back and massage it. he does not have “the catnip gene” as he’s not interested in it at all, so we can’t use catnip to distract him. we tried giving him treats in the process but he just devours them and goes on with biting, screaming and trying to run away desperately. petting him, praising him, etc. doesn’t work at all. we’ve been to the vet multiple times and they said we have to continue to massage him no matter what but honestly i have no idea how to at this point. i’m very upset about it. any advice?"
1578,CatAdvice,My cat just got surgery and I’d like recommendations for food to buy post-surgery.,[removed]
1579,CatAdvice,Y’all…,"I’m losing my mind, I adopted a 5mo old kitten.. she keeps climbing furniture. I don’t want to have aluminum foil chairs forever and I refuse to yell at her, is she going to be like this forever? Idk what to do, lol. I know she’s just being a kitten but jfc! Does spray work (not water, deterrent). Any recommendations?"
1580,CatAdvice,Newly adopted cat not using litter box - help!,[removed]
1581,CatAdvice,Ongoing behavioural issue with cat peeing outside litter box,[removed]
1582,CatAdvice,Tips on grooming a Persian cat?,"Hello! To give a little background, I'm staying with my grandmother, who took in a stray that's most likely a Persian (she lives on a farm, so she often finds strays dumped on or near her property). The cat is a spayed female, at least 2 years old (since that's about how long she's had her). Because of the characteristic pushed-in face and not having much of a neck, the cat can't groom her chest fur very well and ends up with mats there. My grandmother tries to comb them out regularly, but the cat gets squirmy very quickly. Any advice for ways to get her more comfortable being groomed, or ways to speed up the grooming so she's not being held as long?

Thanks in advance!"
1583,CatAdvice,We found 2 stray kittens and wanna know how to take care of them,"We found them on a road. They were calling for their mother.We waited like2-3 hours in hope that their mother will come but she didn't come.so we decided to take them home with us as the people said that someone left them here.So we brought them home and they are currently living in a cardboard box with 2 or 3 clothes under them.

So we wanna know how to take care of them.

None of us has ever took care of any pet so we don't have any idea on how to take care of them so a thorough guide will be helpful.

We don't know their age or anything about it or how to make them comfortable or what to feed them so pls help us.

And pls try to keep the supplies in a tight budget as we are just some teenagers.

Thanks in advance.

Here is the imageh
ttps://ibb.co/xGsQp4r"
1584,CatAdvice,Cat Keeps Flipping Bowl,Hey so I have an 8 month old kitten and for like the past week and a half he's been flipping his food bowl over and dumping it everywhere. At first I thought it was whisker fatigue and would place the food on the mat by itself but now he just flips over the mat. Any ideas as to why and what I can do so he stops?
1585,CatAdvice,How to stop my cat from meowing at the door?,[removed]
1586,CatAdvice,Cat Peeing Outside Litter Box,[removed]
1587,CatAdvice,"Visiting family with my cat, now he doesn’t seem to like my dog",[removed]
1588,CatAdvice,Does this behavior have significance?,My family just moved into our home after 14 months of living in a temporary house. Six months ago we adopted at kitten and he is an indoor so he has only ever known our temporary home. He is very active at night and does make small messes for us to clean up in the morning (knocks over garbage cans or our box of grocery bags). Moving into our home he was scared but eventually gained confidence by the end of the day. The first night he got out of hand like I haven’t seen before as I woke up to his water dish completely filled with cat litter? Is this slightly concerning or am I over reacting? What could this possibly mean?
1589,CatAdvice,Litter tracks everywhere,[removed]
1590,CatAdvice,Cat grooms constantly,[removed]
1591,CatAdvice,How to introduce a new cat in a one bedroom studio that doesn’t have separate rooms?,[removed]
1592,CatAdvice,"please, I need help (very long)",[removed]
1593,CatAdvice,Cats have stinky breath!,[removed]
1594,CatAdvice,Flea dirt,[removed]
1595,CatAdvice,My cat has some sort of bump on her lip,My cat has this bump on her lip. I just noticed it and it is new because i looked at some pics from the other day and its not there. I can’t add a picture but it does look like some sort of fluid and it’s pink. i know cats can get pimples but idk what hers is. *pls help*
1596,CatAdvice,Help with funding care for stray cat with broken leg requiring amputation,[removed]
1597,CatAdvice,female cat kept returning to litter box,[removed]
1598,CatAdvice,Has anyone used these cat wipes on their cats? Toxic ?,[removed]
1599,CatAdvice,What commonly spouted cat 'facts' do you believe are just misinformation?,[removed]
1600,CatAdvice,what commonly spouted cat care 'facts' are actually just misinformation?,[removed]
1601,CatAdvice,What commonly spouted 'facts' are actually cat misinformation?,[removed]
1602,CatAdvice,"Going away for 5 days, should we close off part of the house?",[removed]
1603,CatAdvice,"New Cat + Resident Cat introduction went wrong, now Resident Cat is fearful of her owner (my partner)",[removed]
1604,CatAdvice,Little tip if your cat’s not going to the bed you bought,[removed]
1605,CatAdvice,How do I get my kitten to stop using claws?,[removed]
1606,CatAdvice,"Cat throwing up, twice today.",[removed]
1607,CatAdvice,It's been a year and my car refuses to use the litter box.,[removed]
1608,CatAdvice,I threw my cat by accident,[removed]
1609,CatAdvice,GIARDIA HELP- tips on how to get rid of it once and for all,"Hello cat parents. My 6 month old kitten has tested positive for giardia for a 3rd time… I am currently feeling defeated. Any advice or strategies that helped you get rid of it or cleaning tips? anything would help at this point.

Some info: he is a sphynx (hairless) he gets bathed once a week and wiped down daily. I live in an apartment with carpet. I have used bleach and Clorox on all hard surfaces and roomba daily the carpets. I cleaned his toys, threw out all cardboard, and washed blankets/beds/etc using disinfectant detergent. I cleaned his food and water bowls daily too. I don’t know what else I can do."
1610,CatAdvice,yummy yogurt ♥︎,[removed]
1611,CatAdvice,Did my cat just ruin my chance of trapping this stray/feral cat 😭?,[removed]
1612,CatAdvice,"My cat is getting fat, advice anyone?","Hi! 
So just like the title says my indoor car has started to turn into a big furry ball. She is 1.5 years and a pretty small cat , should weight about 3.5 to be healthy. She has always been thin and been able to have food freely. These last 2 months I’ve noticed she’s starting to put on some weight and weighs about 4 kg now from weighing 3,5 for her whole adult life and still growing.

I’m having a bit of a hard time deciding how to deal with her feeding because I don’t want her to go hungry several hours a day or night. What I’ve started doing is giving her more wet food since it contains less calories and then she has her dry food to snack on during the day/night. The feeding instructions says that she needs 0.5 dl a day , and that’s without wet food, which I feel is a very small amount of food to feel full on 24h a day, especially when she eats it really fast and then have nothing. I have an activation feeder and a bowl and she always get some in her bowl and a free amount of food in the feeder since she only eats a small amount from it from time to time. And no, I can’t afford feeding her only wet food at this time but will do it when I’m finished with my studies and have a good income.

So my question is , should I stop giving her dry food in her bowl and only keep the activation feeder? I don’t know if she will eat enough then but since she seems to use it even when she has food in her bowl I think it would be a good option.

If else, what is I good feeding routine so that she won’t be without food for 8 hours at night or day. Right now I give her maybe 0.5-1 dl wet food every morning and evening and not sure how often or how much dry food I should give at what times.  I’m currently studying from home so I can pretty much feed her whenever so it’s hard to find a balance. I’m giving food for sterilised indoor cats  btw. 

This is my first time owning a cat so I don’t know how to keep them fit. Does anyone have any tips or ideas on how to keep my chonker from growing any more?😂 I play with her every day so she gets to run until she’s breathing heavy and gets tired. Sorry for the long post 🫣"
1613,CatAdvice,Can I use any type of wood pellets for cat litter?,[removed]
1614,CatAdvice,7 year old cat won’t pee in the right place,"Hey everyone, I’m new to the page and Reddit!

My lovely girl Yuki is struggling with peeing and pooping in litter trays. I have had her a year now and it’s always been a problem but it’s gotten much worse now to the point where she doesn’t go in them at all.

I have been to the vet and they have done all manner of tests and determined it has to be behavioural.

She will stand in the litter tray and poop just outside it. We have tried bigger litter trays, closed ones, open ones (all different litter too). You name it we have wasted money on it. We started using puppy pads which she now pees on and not the carpet, but she will also go to the edge of that and poop on the carpet.

I have another cat, she’s about a year old and Yuki gets on with her well and had this issue before she arrived at the house, but I feel I should mention this for context. Yuki is also an indoor cat as adviced by the shelter as she has never been outside and is a little dumb.

We love Yuki so much and I know she had a rough time before us (neglectful owner), but she is making it very hard to keep her at the moment as our flat just smells of cat poop.

Does anyone have any advice? We’re desperate!"
1615,CatAdvice,My cat likes my dog more than me,[removed]
1616,CatAdvice,7 month old cat started scratching carpet,[removed]
1617,CatAdvice,Advice on managing a flea outbreak,[removed]
1618,CatAdvice,Traveling with a new cat,"Hi all! I’m planning on adopting my first cat soon, a 1 year old female. I live alone in a 1 bedroom apartment. I have plans to visit my father over the holidays for about 4 days, and am hoping to take my new cat along with me (all my friends who could cat sit will also be out of town).

She will only have about 3-4 weeks to get comfortable with me and her new home before I take her on this trip. It’s about a 2 and a half hour drive. There will also be other cats at my dad’s house (my sister is bringing her two cats), but the house is big enough that we can easily keep them separated if they don’t get along.

Is this a bad idea? Is 3 weeks after adoption too soon to give her the stress of traveling to a different location? Wondering if I should just wait until after the holidays to adopt, or if I need to search harder for a cat sitter that’s available."
1619,CatAdvice,Sibling cats now hate each other,[removed]
1620,CatAdvice,Weird Cat Interaction with dogs,[removed]
1621,CatAdvice,my cats really lonely when I'm at work but doesn't like other cats,"Sorta as the title says, my cats lonely well I'm at work according to my roommate she walks around the house meowing till I get home. She's groomed the back of her front legs naked, I thought someone shaved the backs of them at first only to learn its from overgrooming.  I would've never guessed she was so lonely well I was gone because she's not any clingier when I'm at home, she's always super excited when I get home almost like a dog but she just kinda comes and goes for attention well I'm home.

I've been told I should get her a friend, but she's not meshed well with other cats. Her old owner rehomed her because she was bullying the new kitten they got and well my grandma was staying with us she and my grandma's cat didn't get along. She wasn't slowly introduced to either of the new cats so I'm wondering if we go slow it'd be different? 

My local shelter will let you ""trail run"" adoptions to see if they get along before finalizing so I'm debating on trying that.

Any tips or ideas appreciated. 


Also;
I've tried giving her cat TV and music to chill her when I'm not home, but seems to have no affect. My roommate doesn't hang out with her and likely won't be interested on doing so. She's a tortie and apparently they're known for their attitude problems? 🤔"
1622,CatAdvice,Introducing another cat in a studio?,"So I have a resident cat, he’s about 14 months old and he’s the sweetest boy, I haven’t had any behavioral issues with him. 

I plan on adopting a 5 month old kitten but unfortunately I live in a studio apartment so the separation method will be difficult for me to complete. (I have a very small bathroom and am concerned it may not be enough space to keep a kitten in for days straight. 

Since when I introduced my cat to my parents 2 cats several months ago he was completely fine and not aggressive in the slightest (albeit it was him entering their space), I feel that maybe I just let them in the room together and make sure to spend lots of time playing and giving treats to reinforce positively. 

Any help???"
1623,CatAdvice,Never. Ending. Diarrhea.,[removed]
1624,CatAdvice,temporary enviornment change,[removed]
1625,CatAdvice,My Girlfriend iIs Planning on Euthanizing Her Cat,[removed]
1626,CatAdvice,How do I discourage one cat from eating another cats food?,[removed]
1627,CatAdvice,Recovery tips for to-be spayed feral,[removed]
1628,CatAdvice,Is gabapentin considered a sedative? Can someone point me to a good resource with solid info? (Cats cannot be flown sedated per AVMA and I can't find good information),"Hi everyone - I do plan on asking the vet this, but since she is the one who prescribed it knowing the intention of use I wanted to see if anyone had additional information. I'm not sure if this is asking for medical advice (sorry if it is), but more-so ""where can I find more information on this to make me feel more confident that I am doing what I am supposed to be doing while not risking my cat's health?""

We are moving across the country and we have a 5.5hr flight coming up. We decided to fly the cats (as carry on, not cargo) over instead of having a 5 day drive dealing with hotels, etc. The vet prescribed them gabapentin to calm them down during travel, but American Airline's policies say the following:

""At the recommendation of the American Veterinary Medical Association (AVMA), American Airlines will not accept household dogs and cats that have been sedated or tranquilized. Pets that have been given sedatives or tranquilizers are at a higher risk of respiratory and cardiovascular problems at high altitudes.""

I know it is not a tranquilizer, but is gabapentin a sedative? I absolutely do not want to put my cats at risk. Can anyone help me find a resource that has additional information to clarify if gabapentin is a sedative and/or if it poses these risks? 

Thanks!"
1629,CatAdvice,Can my cat coexist with my parent's cat over the holidays?,"My 6mo old cat (Felix) and I are here at parent's house the week, and I'm wondering what kind of dynamic we should have with their 3yo resident cat (Max). 

We made the mistake of letting them meet right away. While there was no aggression (towards eachother), they were visibly uneasy. 

Both cats are quite docile, although Max is definitely more sensitive and can get stressed by unfamiliar people or change. Felix is very adaptable and easy-going; he's enjoyed socializing with my parents and exploring the house. He was very submissive and hesitant around Max when they met, and just kept his distance.

But to my surprise, Max was aggressive towards ME. Despite how they were only in the same room together for about 10 minutes (with no conflict), when I later tried to talk to/pet him, he growled, hissed, and even swatted at me. He hissed at my parents too when they tried, but he was significantly more aggressive towards me. 

It breaks my heart because he used to LOVE me, and I'm worried  that he might resent me now? We're keeping them separated; with Felix upstairs and Max downstairs (where he spends most of his time anyway.) Should we just not attempt to introduce them again and keep them separated?"
1630,CatAdvice,"My cat screams for hours in the morning, how do I make it stop?","My sweet little 3 y/o man is an angel, except for the first few hours of the morning. I don't let him sleep with me (I tried for a bit, but I was constantly getting woken up), so I keep him out of the bedroom at night. He's quiet during the night, and then around 6am, he starts wailing to be let in. He has a timed feeder that goes off at 7am, so he's not wanting for food; in fact, after the feeder goes off and he eats, he goes right back to screaming outside my bedroom door. I think he just wants attention.

I ignore him and I don't open the bedroom door until I'm actually ready to get up (around 7:30ish), at which point I'll let him in and give him snuggles and pets. But the hour and a half-ish of him just wailing is driving me insane. He's figured out how to put his face right up to the door and scream at me so he'll be even louder. 😭 Is there anything I can do to keep him from screaming in the morning? Does he need more toys/enrichment to keep him busy while I'm sleeping, or am I just going to be listening to The Song Of His People until the end of time?"
1631,CatAdvice,Kitten aggressive with foster cat,"Hello!

I have two cats, and recently started fostering a third cat. Our kitten, around 8mo, was rescued from a feral mother. She is very food motivated, which has historically made it super easy to train her to get used to things, but I am having trouble with how she interacts with the foster cat.

Half the time, she will completely ignore him - running past him to get into a room, or sharing a space with general disinterest. She is very treat motivated, and will nearly crawl \_under\_ the foster cat to get treats. She isn't defensive about it or anything, they just happily eat treats next to each other. She doesn't seem very smart.

However, our kitten will also chase him around the house, cornering him under tables, watching him like a hawk. She will hiss and sputter and take swings at him occasionally - it does not seem like play behavior and the foster cat definitely isn't reading it as such.

I'm not sure how to disincentivize her from picking fights. The foster cat is much bigger than her, I'm not worried about his safety that much, but he is also a sweet guy who clearly does not want to fight. He would much rather flee.

How do I keep them behaving when this behavior starts the moment she isn't distracted by treats?"
1632,CatAdvice,Tips for helping a stray i took in feel safe.,"It's only been a few days so i know every cat has a different timeline for adjustment, but is there anything i can do to help her feel safe? She has a private room and she is not locked in, but she seldom leaves. My other cat will sometimes keep her company and she will sit close to him. Other than that she hides behind a shelf most of the time. She is eating and drinking and using the litter box just fine. I keep a camera in there to check on her. I have not tried to get too close to her so i don't scare her. i want her to trust me on her own terms. Anything i can do to help her along?"
1633,CatAdvice,Cat is making me miserable,[removed]
1634,CatAdvice,allergies &amp; living situations,"my boyfriend told me he doesn’t want me and my cat living with him anymore. my aunt kindly offered to let me stay there and use the basement as my bedroom, but she won’t let me bring my cat. my uncle and cousin have allergies (not even close to deadly). my cousin has only had flare ups when cuddling her or being extremely close to her. when they helped my parents move across state they were cooped up in the car with me and her and had no problems. they also stayed in my parents new apartment with her for two weeks and still no problems. (they also have a dog.) i completely understand not wanting the possibility of having to deal allergies, but she would be in the basement with me all the time. i even asked my aunt (doesn’t have allergies) if we could just try it out and see but she turned me down. i’m going to offer to buy a air purifier, vacuum everyday, bathe her every week, and even pay them but i don’t know if that’s enough. my cat deserves a better life than this and i just got a job to pay off a $1,300 vet bill so getting a place to stay on my own is not an option. i’ve even looked for roommates. if anyone has any advice or more suggestions, i’m desperate."
1635,CatAdvice,Cat tearing up couches,"Hello, how do i stop cat that likes to tear up couches but doesn’t like to play with cat toys/towers?"
1636,CatAdvice,My cat has been trying to tell me ever since I first got him that he was sick.,[removed]
1637,CatAdvice,What is this bulge?,[removed]
1638,CatAdvice,Tiny bit of cat poop on comforter,[removed]
1639,CatAdvice,Fostering a Newly Leg Amputated Cat,[removed]
1640,CatAdvice,My cat is on a diet and out for revenge,[removed]
1641,CatAdvice,Advice on roomates cat with dental issues?,[removed]
1642,CatAdvice,sleeping w/ 2 cats in a studio apartment,"im in a studio apartment with no doors or extra rooms other than a closet (i would never put my cat in a closet obvi). i got two cats about a month ago. they cuddle up with me and fall asleep around 10, then around 1-5 they are meowing, running around the house, being cats i guess. i havent slept more than 2 hours the past month, no exaggeration. not sure what to do, im going insane"
1643,CatAdvice,my cat’s eating habits are driving me nuts,"she’s a 3.5kg (thereabouts) cat who eats barely 30g of kibble + 70g of wet food. she has a problem with eating wet food.

the 70g is with me giving her multiple reminders, to the extent of spoon feeding her the wet food. i’ve tried googling and trying out what google suggests, like heating up the food, changing type of wet food, adding dry to the wet food, adding her favourite treats in it, taking the food away and giving it to her a little later, but she either flat out rejects after a few bites, or just picks out the parts she likes. she leaves usually about half or a quarter of a bowl behind, no matter how much i reduce the food. even the can of food she likes the most, at times she’ll not eat it or she requires me to remind her that there is half left before she’ll eat. 

she is fed at set timings, 2 times kibble and 1 time wet food. the vet has cleared her of any health issues. she doesn’t seem to be losing weight, and is very active.

please help. i love her to bits but it’s been an extremely frustrating nightly affair getting her to finish the wet food. i’m afraid she’ll become underweight or have health problems because she doesn’t seem to be eating enough, based on what’s recommended. any advice would be greatly appreciated."
1644,CatAdvice,How to clean cat's skin/fur after flea and worm treatment?,[removed]
1645,CatAdvice,I think I did my introduction wrongly...,[removed]
1646,CatAdvice,Cat keeps meowing when alone,"Hello, I just got a Russian blue mix, female, 7 months. She is use to being around a lot of other cats but I could only get one. Everytime I leave her in a room alone, she starts to meow and I feel bad but I do have to go to work, go out with friends, just leave the house eventually. I feel bad though, she’s so use to having alot of company that the moment she’s alone, she sounds like she is sad. Tried to catify her room with a cat tree, toys and all that so she wouldn’t be bored. She still meows when alone, it has been 3 days since I got her. Will it just take some time or is there something else I can do? I also try my best to ignore her when she is meowing so I don’t reinforce that behavior."
1647,CatAdvice,Feeding schedule,[removed]
1648,CatAdvice,anyone elses cat destroys anything string related?,"so my cat is a lil over a year old, since hes turned one hes destroyed every single pair of shoes w laces my partner and i own. hes chewed through some of my clothes, and anything that looks like it may be a string he chews through it. if wires have that fabric covering, he will chew it - he doesnt go for wires, he specifically goes for things that have fabric / looks like a shoelace. 

hes not allowed in closets, all shoes are put away, and we make any guests w laces take their shoes off at the door and im wary of buying anything electronic that has a string look. i do wanna mention that i make sure to monitor in the case he ingests any string. its like a compulsion he has, thats the best that i can describe it. 

i do play w him regularly, but im not dismissing that this may be a behavior of boredom. ive been considering getting a second cat so he has someone to play w when i cant. do u think this would help phase out this behavior? if anyone has gone thru this, do u have any advice besides what we're already doing? 

i have friends that also have cats, and none of them seem to be experiencing anything like this with their current cats or past cats."
1649,CatAdvice,"My cat is geting chonky, advise anyone?",[removed]
1650,CatAdvice,Scottish Fold does not scratch,[removed]
1651,CatAdvice,Cat thinks asthma inhaler is hissing,[removed]
1652,CatAdvice,My boyfriend wants to re-home our new kitten,"We got a kitten back in October. She was a stray. The vet said she was around 7-8 months. When we found her she was skin and bones and very weak. But after getting some food in her she started showing her personality. She is 100% cat. She’s been clawing on furniture despite us having multiple cat trees. She’s been waking us up at all hours of the night, either messing with things in the bedroom, or meowing at the top of her lungs for no apparent reason. This morning was the final straw for my boyfriend. The kitten has started knocking over any full glass she sees. We try to stop her before she does it but she’s very quiet and sneaky and we don’t see her do it until it’s too late. This morning, she found a glass of water in my boyfriend’s office and knocked it over and it poured all over his work laptop. He was furious and is now demanding we re-home her. I feel bad because I’ve grown fond of her. I know these things are just things kittens do. And I feel like she’ll either grow out of it, or we’ll just have to get better about watching her around cups and redirecting her. But my boyfriend is officially done with her. Is there anything I can do?"
1653,CatAdvice,Best UK brand food for cat prone to cystitis.,[removed]
1654,CatAdvice,"my cat HATES CATNIP, why?",[removed]
1655,CatAdvice,Moving my cat into an apartment with 2 new cats,[removed]
1656,CatAdvice,Trouble with cat introduction!,"My boyfriend and I recently adopted a 5 year old cat (Bebe) and have had our resident cat (Bowser) for 2 years. We adopted Bebe almost 2.5 weeks ago and have been working on a gradual introduction. Things have been going mostly really great. We’ve gotten them to the point of eating directly in front of each other through a doo and have let them see each other from a distance. 

We started to move them into the same room a few days ago. We keep them both distracted and Bebe does great at first. Bowser (resident cat) is very perplexed by her and spends most of his time observing her play. He is comfortable enough to be briefly distracted by treats. 

This lasts roughly 15 mins before Bebe decides to randomly hunt Bowser and attack him. Nothing serious, just chasing, hisses, and swats. We separate immediately. My boyfriend has read that we should allow them to set boundaries like this, but I’ve read that we should always leave introductions on a positive note. Does anyone have insight on this or know why Bebe might randomly pouncing? Thanks!!!

Also note: Bebe had a previous owner and lived with another cat (that she mostly avoided) and a dog (that she really liked)"
1657,CatAdvice,Help my cats missing,[removed]
1658,CatAdvice,I am a new kitten father and have some questions regarding that kitten.,[removed]
1659,CatAdvice,My cat will not stop peeing outside of the litter box,"Hi everyone,

I have a one year old cat who occasionally (once or twice a day) will pee outside of her litter box. She is spayed and according to her vet is healthy. She usually pees in front of doors, like the bathroom door if it is closed or my roommate's door or even the front door even though she does not like the outside. I've been trying to combat the issue by making sure to take her with me when I use the bathroom and my roommate is trying to do the same but recently I went on a trip and had to leave my cat with my roommate and the peeing got worse so now I'm looking for a long-term solution. 

The peeing started about a month after I adopted her (which would be march 2022). Around the same time she fell the bathtub while I was taking a bath. I don't know how significant of an incident it was but the peeing started around the same time. She isn't that squeemish of water nowadays so I don't think that is the reason for it. Also, my roommate moved in a little while after that. 

Here are the solutions I already tried:

1- Taking her with me to the bathroom and keeping doors open (which isn't always possible). 

2- Putting her in the litterbox after meals and after she sleeps. Works somewhat well, except for when I am at work or at night (so half of the time).

3- Changing litters. I use a clumping small pellet litter, which is what vets recommend for these kinds of issues. I scoop multiple times every day and change out the litter every month.

4- Changing her food. She gets wet food each morning and dry food throughout the day. Don't know what else I could do about that. 

She is overall a somewhat nervous cat. She will usually meow outside our doors whenever we close them and meow when we come back from the outside. I've also very briefly given Feliway (the spray version) a try and it seemed to work but I've read very mixed reviews and I wanted to ask here before committing to it. 

At this point I'm pretty desparate to solve this issue and would be open to any suggestions. If you have any questions or need more information, please ask. Thank you :)"
1660,CatAdvice,Male 6 months old cat is eating all the time,"Hello hello,
So I know this might be dumb but my cat is literally always eating. He eats a lot of dry food, goes outside the room, plays two seconds with his sister then comes back to eat a whole serving of dry food. He does this a lot throughout the day, I feed him wet food too but he seems like it’s never enough. I have to admit that he has gained  weight ( he looks very cute though 😂). 
His sister is not the same at all, she stops when she’s had enough and eats a few times a day.

Do you have any experience with this ? 
Is this normal ?
Sorry if this question was weird. 

Thanks in advance ☺️"
1661,CatAdvice,"Found a cat outside, need help w/ current cat",[removed]
1662,CatAdvice,Flying with cats tips," Fellow cat owners who have experience travelling with cats by plane, can you share your experience and also some tips?

For the context, I live in Finland and will be moving to Brazil (which means conexion flights and long hours in the air) with my 2 cats. It will be their first time flying and I want to make it the least stressful possible for them."
1663,CatAdvice,My girlfriend’s cat hates men?,So I know this sounds funny but my girlfriend has a female cat who is around 2 years old and she really dislikes men. She doesn’t have any problems with being petted by my girlfriend or her mother however whenever she is in the same room with my girlfriend’s father or younger brother she will start hissing and will run away if they try to pet her. She was also scared of me (20M) at first too and was hostile towards me but she got used to me being around (I’m a huge cat person so I was patient with her). However when a female friend of ours was introduced to the cat at the exact same time I was she had no problems cuddling together and showing physical affection. Does anyone know why this might be?
1664,CatAdvice,Please help :c At my wits end with my new cat and her peeing on my bed very close to getting rid of her which is so against my nature,[removed]
1665,CatAdvice,Is it ok to give Persian cat kibbles to domestic short hair cat sometimes?,[removed]
1666,CatAdvice,Nurse Cat,[removed]
1667,CatAdvice,How can I make my mom feed my cat less?,"I’m currently not living with my mother but I go see her and my cat every week. My cat has been gaining weight again and is obese! I have been trying to get my mom to feed my cat less but she always gives him treats, are there some products like feeders I could buy for my cat?"
1668,CatAdvice,being pregnant and having a cat in heat is an insight to motherhood.,"As title says, I'm 39wks pregnant and have a 5 months old kitten that's in heat (got appointment to get her spayed on the 6th of Dec) and it's been pure torture. Nothing settles her. We play a lot, give her extra cuddles but the peace only lasts a couple of hours at most. I feel terrible for her but I swear I want to cry just as much as her. 

And my partner doesn't care, does not try to engage with her, all he does is shush her or pspsps at her (which it does feck all).

While I'm up all night with the cries. I'm exhausted already and i should be resting since I could go into labour any day now.

Rant over."
1669,CatAdvice,Cats always hungry?,[removed]
1670,CatAdvice,How much food to give my cat?,[removed]
1671,CatAdvice,When to move from scent to sight phase when introducing cats?,"Hi all! I am currently going through the process of getting Shark (M,5) acclimated to my resident cat Nines (M,1.5). I’m still in the very early stages. 

Nines is totally fine with the smell of Shark and is actually very eager to meet him, but Shark is still hissing at anything with his smell and even going to attack it. 

I know I can’t let them see one another through a screen door yet, but I was curious as to when I should? Should I wait for Shark to fully stop hissing/growling, or just until he stops attacking? Any advice is appreciated!"
1672,CatAdvice,should i bring my cat with to house sit?,"i am going to be house sitting for 4 days. there is 2 dogs there and i am worried because she gets stressed around dogs first of all, and second of all she cannot do drives. she dry heaves and freaks out in cars and i don’t want to have to bring her on a 30 minute drive there and back. would she be better off just staying home and having me check in on her every day?"
1673,CatAdvice,Thoughts on clicker training?,[removed]
1674,CatAdvice,Kitten bites my face 🫣,[removed]
1675,CatAdvice,My cat is too smart and I don't what to do for better enrichment,[removed]
1676,CatAdvice,Anxious senior cat’s first grooming appointment,[removed]
1677,CatAdvice,wet kibble storage?,[removed]
1678,CatAdvice,Do cats get cold?,"It's 3c every night and it's cold and my two 7month old ragdoll is cold. I got them a cat cave and heating matts and of course they don't use it... However they cuddle tgt sometimes at night but when I touch there fur it's cold and not super warm. I'm so worried they will get cold and freeze to death :(
Is this normal? They will be ok right? I'm so worried :("
1679,CatAdvice,Best cat tracking device,"My cats and I are moving cross country and I am thinking about getting them some sort of tracker incase they get lost. Right now I am looking at Tile Bluetooth trackers, but am unsure they would work for this purpose. 
Does anyone have experience with these sort of trackers? What are the best affordable option?"
1680,CatAdvice,What is your experience with ProDen Plaque Off Powder?,[removed]
1681,CatAdvice,How can I stop the pain,[removed]
1682,CatAdvice,How to stop plucking,"I have 2 cats who have just turned 1 (they’re brothers from the same litter). 
While both of my cats enjoy plucking, cat A is satisfied with plucking the scratching posts we have around the house, but cat B loves to pluck the carpet, mainly the bottom of the stairs, and outside the ensuite. The plucking usually happens when I’m in the ensuite, early mornings and late at night (both usually when we are in bed). We even bought 2 new scratching posts for those areas. The new posts helped for a little bit, but now it’s worse than ever. I have tried playing with them throughout the day and especially at night to tire them out for bed but nothing is working anymore. I have a spray that stops them but I can’t spray the entire staircase, and it only works for a couple of hours. I am at the point where he gets put in a large dog cage (it has a bed in it) at night or else he keeps me up all night plucking. 

I would love some advice on what to do because I am at my wits end and he is causing damage to the carpet."
1683,CatAdvice,My female cat doesn’t like my boyfriend.,"Ha! I almost don’t want to correct this because it’s really funny watching her find new ways to harass him but…

My female cat is 1.5 years old (spayed five months ago) and is very aggressive towards my boyfriend. He has two neutered 2 year old male cats at his house. They were friendly before she was spayed. Now she attacks him sometimes playfully but always aggressively. Scratching, hissing, deep growls. She’ll let him pet her if she’s very sleepy. She’ll let him play with her using a long stick toy. 

She’s quite friendly with everyone else but he spend the most time here. She’s like my shadow so maybe that’s part of it?

Thanks in advance!"
1684,CatAdvice,Cat gets jealous of his brother whenever I show him attention,[removed]
1685,CatAdvice,Advice for Making Rehoming Easier,"I live in the US. I'm rehoming my 2 y/o, spayed cat tomorrow for many reasons, most importantly for not being able to afford to properly care for her anymore. I've had her since she was 8 months.

I love this cat &amp; it will be incredibly hard to say goodbye to her, but I'm also worried about the transition for her. She's a very anxious cat &amp; her vet said she needs anxiety medication along w home remedies for anxiety. She is a rescue who has been adopted &amp; returned to a shelter by someone before I adopted her. Shelter rescued her &amp; ker kittens living outside. Other history is unknown. I think she has abandonment issues.

I know the new owner somewhat; we are coworkers &amp; I trust he will take good care of her, better than I can, &amp; ik she will end up being happier with him. It's the right thing to do but does anyone have advice for things I can do to make the transition better? 

I'm going to give them all her toys, beds, favorite blankets, litter, food, treats, catnip she's used to, cat carrier, vet info. Anything else I can do? 

Thanks for reading"
1686,CatAdvice,What is this black scab thingy underneath my cats lip??,[removed]
1687,CatAdvice,How do I stop my cat from eating my dog’s food?,[removed]
1688,CatAdvice,Renewed maternal instinct?,"My cat is acting weird. 

She gave birth to her first kitten 2 and half months ago. And just like any other mother cats, she was very protective and caring during the first few weeks. Won't let anyone touch/carry her kitten, hide her from us, etc. After 2 months, she's not protective anymore and the kitten is now basically a young cat that is now independent from the mother. 

Of course, these are all very normal but the weird thing is what's happening now. The mother cat gave birth to two new kittens this week. As normal, she's again being very caring and protective of the new kittens. 

But what's weird is that she became over protective again of the first cat. When she's away from her, she would come and pick her up by her neck or ear even though they're almost the same size now and would try to bring her back together with the two new kittens. 

Whenever we try to carry and play with the older kitten, the mother cat would come to us and would try to take her away. It's as if she thinks the older kitten is part of the newborns and her protective maternal instinct for the older cat got renewed? 

Just like other young cats, the first kitten is now very playful and keeps on running around. However, I think this is stressing the mother cat so much as she would always try to bring her back.

I'm thinking of getting the older kitten away from the mother in the meantime while she's still nursing the newborns?

Or maybe this is actually normal for the mother cat and not really concerning?"
1689,CatAdvice,Is it cruel to lock cats out of your room when you are unwell? (Please read for details),[removed]
1690,CatAdvice,Messy Cat With IVD- Are there wet wipes out there that are safe for cats?,[removed]
1691,CatAdvice,Introducing a new kitten and my cat is being...confusing?,"So I rescued a little feral kitten, Basil, when she was 10wks old after she appeared my back deck. It has been about a month now and I've successfully been able to socialize her (although she still is a bit skittish) so now I'm starting the process of introducing her to my resident cat, Peaches.

Peaches is 5yrs old and my most beloved nightmare lol She I describe her as the poster child of ""single kitten syndrome"" and I have barely been able to improve her play aggression for the 4yrs I've had her 🥲 She still has the energy of a kitten, and I was contemplating getting her a kitten next year to maybe reduce the violent attacks on my legs, but hey! That's when Basil showed up!

I'm following Jackson Galaxy's method of introducing cats, but these two have accidentally come face to face before-- when I first trapped the kitten and was clearing a bathroom, I accidentally didn't shut the door right and they briefly sniffed each other's noses before I shooed Peaches away. Note that this is a shockingly good cat interaction for Peaches bc if she faces a cat outdoors through a window she typically screams like she's dying. The 2nd time they interacted was again, bc I'm terrible at shutting doors. I entered my office (where kitten is kept) to find Peaches staring intensely at the kitten like she was shocked that this creature was still here lol This time Peaches did hiss when she was picked up, but I think that's more because she was startled 😅

Now, this is where I am getting mixed signals. Room swapping? Not a problem; Peaches sniffed around at first but then just carried on with life. And it's the same thing with feeding on either side of the door! Peaches has no qualms with eating her food with Basil's bowl right up near her-- Peaches actually eats faster than the kitten, and when she's done eating she just walks away as usual! BUT the kitten recently discovered that she can fit her little paws underneath the door, and if Peaches sees her little paw, it's an immediate big hiss 😭? Idk how she can be okay with all the other steps day one, but a little paw and it's game over??

I feel bad for the kitten, bc she really wants to play with Peaches and will try to door-dash if she notices Peaches (Peaches does not notice her bc she is busy begging for the food I bring the kitten lol). Do I move on to the next step of eating with only a screen (or in this case, through the mesh of Basil's giant play pen) or is this a sign that things are going sour?

I'm super worried bc I'll be visiting my parents in a month and Peaches comes with me for that, but this time kitten will have to come with me too! I was so hoping Peaches would be more accepting of a baby cat but alas she still hates poor lil Basil 😢

TIA!"
1692,CatAdvice,I’m moving! (And bringing my cat!),"Hello! I am not looking for any advice in particular, just hoping if anyone has any tips or tricks. My cat has been living with me at my parents house. She lives with 2 dogs and my dad who works from home all the time. She is used to having people around. We are now moving to a new apartment in a couple weeks. It’ll just be her and me, and I will be going into an office for 9 hours a day, so I’d imagine this will be a difficult adjustment for her, both a new environment and being alone. (Plus, a 3.5 hour car ride for the move) if anyone has any advice or tips to make this move the easiest on her, I greatly appreciate it!! I already plan on taking her to the vet to get advice and maybe some anxiety meds especially for that drive, haha. 

I also want to add, she’s bonded to my dad, too. Not as much as me, but she still loves him. I was thinking I’ll bring stuff that smells like him? 

Thanks In advanced!!"
1693,CatAdvice,Cat doesn’t like to be touched on the chin,"Hi! I have a lovely tuxedo female cat (6 years old). One thing I found out is that she doesn’t like to be pet on the chin, at all. She turns the head to another side so I can scratch her face or just bite my hand. 
She also seems to like being massaged on the paw. 
I think it’s a personal (catsonal?) preference but I’m just curious. She’s a healthy and loving baby."
1694,CatAdvice,cuddly during the night only,"anyone in a similar situation? my cat always sleeps with us in bed at night and very cuddly, but not cuddly at all during the day even though he is also sleeping lots somewhere else. 😴"
1695,CatAdvice,Can you give raw meat to your cat to help encourage appetite?,[removed]
1696,CatAdvice,My kitten (domestic shorthair 4 months) vomiting when eating temptations cat treats,[removed]
1697,CatAdvice,It's been a month and a half and my cat hides from me,[removed]
1698,CatAdvice,Should I get a second cat (for my very adventurous and affectionate cat)?,"For some background: my 1.5 year old male tabby, Ivy, has been with me since I adopted him as a 9 week old kitten. He was the only kitten in the RSPCA enclosure who didn't run when he saw my 43 kg (95 lb) dog Isaac approach, and they were best friends within 10 minutes at home. Ivy goes right up to people when they visit, whether strangers or otherwise, loves pats from everyone. Goes for harnessed walks, even hangs out the car window on trips (harnessed to belt buckle, I promise). So he's a dog cat really. Adventurous, affectionate, smart, curious.

At home, it's been just Ivy and Isaac (who cuddle together all the time and play together occassionally), plus a house rabbit (Ivy would sometimes bully her during play but otherwise they left each other alone), who has since passed of old age. Ivy is an indoor cat but he's allowed access to a cat enclosure thing that allows him to go right to the fence. There, he calls SUPER loudly to the neighbour's cat to play and can often get quite upset when she doesn't show up.

His only semi extended interaction with a cat was when I recently took care of my friend's 1 year old shy female cat named Nyx for a week. Ivy was always very curious, patient, desperate to play but gave Nyx her space. They never quite got to cuddle levels because Nyx was very standoffish, but Ivy came close to winning her over. And Ivy was utterly heartbroken when the week was over and Nyx went back home. He wandered around the apartment looking dejected for a whole day. And he still goes to the fence daily for some cat interaction, which he doesn't always get.

My question is whether these are all signs that I should adopt another cat. I've read a lot of articles and posts warning about the difficulties, but in those cases, it seemed to be with a cat who was being introduced to another cat for the first time. So I was hoping for some tailored advice about my situation. Does the fact that Ivy seems to crave cat interaction mean I'll have a better chance of making a cat pair work? Would it be cruel not to try? (Okay ""cruel"" is a bit dramatic, but you know what I mean.) Even though Ivy is enthusiastic about a new cat friend now, will this fade over time and is there a chance they'll just get into fights later? Is Ivy and Isaac's occasional playtime enough to satisfy him?

For those who vote yes adopt another cat, any advice about age/sex etc? I personally think Ivy is a bit of a ladies' man and would love a female companion around his age, but I'm open to suggestions.

I would honestly prefer not to adopt another cat right now because I live in a small two-bedroom apartment with a giant dog and a cat, so I'd struggle for space. And the idea of adopting a cat only to find that it won't work out is quite stressful. But it also breaks my heart to hear Ivy calling out to the neighbour's cat to play and getting no response.

As a compromise, I was actually thinking of waiting until Isaac passes, since he's quite old, and adopting another cat then, to help both Ivy and myself grieve. This may not happen for several years, however, and I do feel bad for Ivy in the meantime.

Thanks to anyone who read through all that! Would love some advice from experienced cat owners tailored to my situation."
1699,CatAdvice,Introducing a foster kitten to an anxious resident cat,[removed]
1700,CatAdvice,How to keep geriatric cat's weight up?,[removed]
1701,CatAdvice,Introducing foster kitten to anxious resident cat,[removed]
1702,CatAdvice,Cat is shy to new people after neuter,[removed]
1703,CatAdvice,"Cat socialization (neuro issues, trauma)",[removed]
1704,CatAdvice,Is this cruel?,"Helu, I have a 4 mo kitten and he’s my first cat ever. I don’t want him to be alone in the bathroom for his safety so he’s allowed in there when I am but he has to leave the room with me. He was really great about it the first couple of weeks but then he started testing more and more to see for how long I would hold the door open and wait for him to leave with me. I tried reinforcing good behaviour with treats many times, then this morning he just wouldn’t come out and out of frustration I closed the door and went back to my desk a few feet away. After a few minutes he started crying and I ignored him for a couple of minutes before going back and opening the door, he bolted out. I thought it would teach him that the consequence of not leaving with me is staying in there, it seemed like a pretty straight forward action-reaction kinda thing, but now he just seems scared. Do you think it’s okay or was it just cruel?"
1705,CatAdvice,I am a new kitten father and have some questions regarding that kitten.,[removed]
1706,CatAdvice,restless kitty,hello ♥︎ my little girl is 7 months old and is a very happy one who is always very very eager to play and never gets tired. she has a pretty impressive appetite and is always jumping around and we are always playing with one another. She follows me everywhere and watches me do anything all the time. one thing is that she never ever sleeps. Ever. whenever she sees me she jumps and wants to initiate a playtime session and we always do it. Whenever I finally see her closing her eyes I start moving and she immediately wakes up and follows me. Visited 2 vets and they said it’s nothing to worry about. what do I do?
1707,CatAdvice,Kitten (5 months) Attacks my 3 and 4 year old cats on sight. I Need help!,"5 months ago we found a kitty(Romeo) all alone on our farm. Decided to take him into our home as we couldn’t bring our selves to just leave him there. Very cute, innocent and tiny. He had fun with my other cats as he was smaller but now its getting out of hand as he is bigger and faster now

My other cats are Rick (4.5yrs old) and Cheeto (3.5yrs old) are very peaceful and sometimes play fight with each other. Now romeo, while he was tiny, would play fight with rick and cheeto as much as he could. Typical fun kitten behavior that was really fun/cute to watch. The problem now is Romeo with his kitten levels of energy is a little too crazy. He sprints full speed and attempts to mount both rick and cheeto on sight every day and every opportunity he gets. Rick is a stronger, more “alpha” cat while cheeto is the definition of a scaredy cat, pretty weak, innocent and affectionate which im totally fine with.

My problem is my other cats are starting to slightly change and I can tell sometimes they are distressed. My main concern is cheeto because romeo can smell the weakness off cheeto and enjoys what id consider bullying cheeto. Sometimes I catch him just growling when romeo is in the vicinity. I understand its the age difference and energy levels which contribute to the incompatibility but my family is starting to get annoyed and although they like romeo, due to his behavior they dont like him as much as the other cats because of his behavior. I can live with them not really playing with romeo as my family doesnt really know what goes into cat owner ship but I play with romeo 2 hours a day and it’s difficult playing with him that much just for his energy levels to be at 90% and launch at my other cats. Cheeto yelps is very vocal as he’s being chased as he runs and Rick play fights with romeo One out of every 10 times Romeo chases him. But when Rick is hissing telling him to f off essentially romeo doesnt stop, same with cheeto. Romeo always tries to bite the back of Rick‘s leg near his butt and it looks like Rick is really bothered by it.

I really need romeo to take it at least one step back and not bully my other cats. I really feel that romeo knows what hes doing is bad but he gets off to it. How do I get him to stop attacking cheeto on sight? I understand kittens are crazy but I think hes taking it too far. I keep cheeto in our big/nice basement with all his necessities with the door to upstairs closed as he spends most of his time down there anyway. 
It’s really difficult doing this on my own and I don’t want my family to continue being annoyed with him. I don’t know where to find a professional behaviourist or at least a reliable one. Will neutering Romeo bring this behaviour down a notch?

Any advice is appreciated. Thank you so much

TLDR: five month old kitten aggresively play attacks other three and four-year-old cats on site and I can tell they’re not enjoying it because they run and hiss and the 5 month old doesnt stop. How do I reduce this behaviour and what should I do in general to get him to take it down a notch?"
1708,CatAdvice,siamese ignoring litter boxes,[removed]
1709,CatAdvice,Cat with unknown history?,[removed]
1710,CatAdvice,Is this Flea and Tick spray safe for cats?,[removed]
1711,CatAdvice,Considering getting a second cat; do maine coons and siberians get along?,"I have a one year old male siberian who is the calmest, sweetest, most affection cat. He likes playing a couple times a day but isn't hyperactive. He's used to being the only cat and requires a LOT of love and affection. I'm moving soon and will be doing school/work full time so I won't be home as often as I am now, and want to get him a friend. I love maine coons, but I don't know a ton about cats. Does anybody know if a maine coon would get along well with my male siberian? Would female or male be better? If not, are there any specific breeds that get along well with siberians? Any other advice?"
1712,CatAdvice,Can cats just be grumpy some days?,[removed]
1713,CatAdvice,My cat communicates his needs with his food. Have you ever seen this before?,[removed]
1714,CatAdvice,Cat won't stop meowing when roaming around place where a kitten has been,"Hi everyone,

My significant other and her sister recently adopted a stray kitten 2 months ago. They've separated the kitten to be downstairs and their 6 year old cat upstairs.

They feel bad their older cat can't explore the house like she used to so they've tried bringing her downstairs (when the kitten isn't around) to explore but she's just constantly meowing. It's sounding like a sad meow too. Is there anything that can be down to help calm down when she's downstairs and explore more?

Any information would be very helpful!

For context the cats don't like each other. Although recently the older cat can be seen tolerating the kitten but will hiss and paw/attack the kitten if he comes too close to her or tries to ""play""."
1715,CatAdvice,Roommate’s outdoor cat (inside for winter).,[removed]
1716,CatAdvice,My dad wants to get rid of our cats and I don't know how to feel,"I have 3 cats who have decided to become real bad recently. I make sure they have new litter weekly, and clean the litter they have daily

They would rarely ever use the bathroom outside of the litter box, like once a month max for the last few months, and then this month it started going down hill

They nearly daily use places other than the litter box. Important papers my dad needs, kitchen, living room, almost any piece of paper or plastic that gets left on the floor, no matter if there are things in it or not

He's telling me he's fed up, and I quote, ""I'll take them to the dog pound myself I don't care what anybody thinks I'm sick of it"" around an hour ago

Now I pay for food/litter mostly because he can't work with his disabilities, I work overnights so during the day I am asleep and not around them, he spends at least 5x more time with any of the cats than I do

I see where he's coming from and I know why he's upset and annoyed, I am too, and we don't really have the extra money to take any in to see if it's there's some issue they are having

I don't want to decide anything based on my emotions, so I just wanted to get some feedback on ideas/if he's right and we should re-home them or bring them in somewhere/what else I can do/anything, since I just don't know how to feel"
1717,CatAdvice,"My cat is getting chonky, advice anyone?",[removed]
1718,CatAdvice,How to stop cat from biting so hard when playing?,[removed]
1719,CatAdvice,Is it normal for fleas to prefer one cat over the other?,[removed]
1720,CatAdvice,‘Food-motivated’,"The shelter described him as ‘food-motivated’ but in reality he is a demon who will never cease in trying to stick his tiny face into whatever we’re cooking or eating. We can’t sit at our dining table without him pouncing on to it and entering hand to paw combat for our dinner. 
We’ve tried establishing alternative spots for him using treats when we’re cooking/eating but nothing seems to work. Help??"
1721,CatAdvice,My cats won't stop fighting. What should I do?,"So basically I have two male cats both are 1yo, they grew up together and they used to get along quite well but it's been a few months and they just won't stop fighting, the vet told us to neuter one of them and see how things go, they did stop fighting for a while but it's been a few days and their fights are more violent than ever. I thought about neutering the second one but I'm scared they won't stop fighting and I know for a fact that it's gonna be nearly impossible to get any of them adopted bc people where I live simply won't take adult neutered cats in
I really don't know what to do and I'm scared one of them might get seriously injured"
1722,CatAdvice,Advice for bringing a feral cat inside?,"I have been feeding this feral cat for about 10 years. She lives under the porch and appears very healthy for her age. She comes up me when I feed her but won’t let me pet her. It is starting to get cold out and I want to bring her inside with my other cats. I was going to put her in the basement because I don’t have a spare room available. My vet is only open 3 days a week now. I would have to trap her in the morning and call the vet to see if they have an opening. There is a shortage of vets in my area and either they are not taking new patients or they are booking appointments months in advance.

Do you think it would be ok to just bring her inside or should I try to get a vet appointment first?"
1723,CatAdvice,Advice for being in feral cat?,"I have been feeding this feral cat for about 10 years. She lives under the porch and appears very healthy for her age. She comes up me when I feed her but won’t let me pet her. It is starting to get cold out and I want to bring her inside with my other cats. I was going to put her in the basement because I don’t have a spare room available. My vet is only open 3 days a week now. I would have to trap her in the morning and call the vet to see if they have an opening. There is a shortage of vets in my area and either they are not taking new patients or they are booking appointments months in advance.

Do you think it would be ok to just bring her inside or should I try to get a vet appointment first?"
1724,CatAdvice,Advice for kittens,[removed]
1725,CatAdvice,my kitten gets aggressive around treats,[removed]
1726,CatAdvice,We’re taking a small vacation.,[removed]
1727,CatAdvice,Is 3 cats too much?,[removed]
1728,CatAdvice,Has anyone tried either of these products &amp; can speak to their efficacy? UTI related,[removed]
1729,CatAdvice,TMI My Cat Keeps Pooping Outside the Litter Box,[removed]
1730,CatAdvice,what options do I have to fix my cats behaviour,[removed]
1731,CatAdvice,How long did it take to remove your cat’s cone after spay?,[removed]
1732,CatAdvice,My cat has asthma but the inhaler doesn’t seem to be working as well as I’d hoped. Am I doing something wrong?,"My cat was recently diagnosed with asthma &amp; Iv since had her on an inhaler. I give it to her twice a day (as recommended by the vet) but she still seems to have problems breathing.

Note: I use the adaptor for the inhaler I was provided which goes around her nose/mouth so she can breathe it in properly. 

I don’t use the wall plug ins that people say can cause issues, I do clean/vacuum regularly, have an air purifier - but even with all this &amp; the inhaler sometimes she still sounds like she’s struggling to breathe. 

She still eats / plays / acts fine for the most part. Again it just sounds like she’s struggling.

Is it possible I’m using the inhaler adaptor wrong? Or are there any other things I can do to help her? I read that steroids can cause issues long term but the only time she seemed to be doing the best was when she was first diagnosed &amp; was temporarily on them to help with the severity of her inflammation / lung issues 

Any help or suggestions would be really appreciated!"
1733,CatAdvice,Cat bite,"Hello everyone!
I made a mistake with my newly adopted cat. I have him for about a day and he won’t eat. I tried to give him little fishnsnack but I was stupid and held it between my fingers. As he ate it he bit my finger a bit. The bite is probably 1mm big and not really deep. A bit of blood came out but it was a really small amount. I heard a lot of horror stories online about cat bites and wanted to ask if I should go to ER.

I desinfected the bite and washed my hands."
1734,CatAdvice,what does a meowing cat want?,[removed]
1735,CatAdvice,Cat Feeders that do the job.,Any suggestions for automatic cat feeders that anyone has been using and has had positive results? Used to free feed my cat but learned that is not a good idea and looking for a reliable auto feeder.
1736,CatAdvice,any cat litter suggestions?,whats the best cat litter you guys have bought for your cats? i can’t find one that is good for my cat.
1737,CatAdvice,Need advice please,We adopted a kitten yesterday from a rescue center  the lady told us she was from a capture from a ferel colony and altho she had been at the center for 8 weeks she hadnt really been handled this was an understatement it is clear sue was only handed by vets for her jabs and spaying. We brought her home yesterday put her in a quiet room she came out of her carrier but hid behind the bin which is in her little area ahe came out a few times in the night (i slept on sofa so could hear her) she had a lil sniff around and used her litter tray i think she may have drank a lil water but hasnt touched any food she has stayed behind the bin all day today hasnt come  out once since about 7am now 4.30pm im nit an expert in cats as she is our first we have done everything the websites amd advice pages say in leaving her alone i have visited her room 4 times today and she definetly hasnt moved fresh food still untouched litter tray clean i even dropped a few treats down by her and she jasnt touched them how long do i wait before i worry as im already worried about her
1738,CatAdvice,Tips on keeping active kittens separate and entertained after one is recovering from spaying,[removed]
1739,CatAdvice,Kitten not having food boundaries,[removed]
1740,CatAdvice,One of my cats bit a tiny chunk out of the other one’s ear. WTF,[removed]
1741,CatAdvice,I wanna get a cat but I've got some questions.,"Okay, so I want cats one day. I can't get them anytime soon, because my mother wouldn't allow it. I've already decided I'd like to get one in the future. I have many questions about this since I'm inexperienced. Also, this doesn't have to be the case, but I'd kinda like to just stay single... Would 3 cats be hard for a single, working person? I could go for 2 instead.

I've looked at some breeds and found some I really like, but would having a Maine Coon, Ragdoll, and a Snowshoe be hard/expensive/bad? Should I just go with less pricey/rare breeds?

Also, since I'll be single and working, I've read maybe 6 months would be the youngest age I could leave them as I work. Is this fine?

Would it be better to just adopt one? Or would it be hard to find?

Also is male Maine coon, male ragdoll, and female snowshoe fine?"
1742,CatAdvice,Room smells of litter,[removed]
1743,CatAdvice,Recently received a 4 week old kitten &amp; now I'm too nervous to sleep,"I know the title is weird don't judge, very sleep deprived lol

I recently was randomly given a kitten which I love but I haven't had a kitten in very long time and usually had others to help. 

So, I'm nervous to sleep cause my place is very very much not kitten proof right now and ive been keeping it on my bed in a carrier (mainly open when i can supervise.) I currently have to bring it down to its liter box and give it food and water. I know kittens need to eat well and drink well and i want to stay on top of it.

I just bought a playpen that is a good size for the kitten but it was purchased online so its gonna take a few days and I'm not sure what I can do till then"
1744,CatAdvice,Size exclusive kitten hides?,[removed]
1745,CatAdvice,Litter box question,So I have my cats litter box in my bathroom and I like to take long showers and I do my hair in the bathroom which takes awhile and she doesn't like the sound of the blow dryer. And I also have the door closed while I'm using the bathroom. My question is when I'm in the bathroom for a long period of time should I leave the litterbox outside the bathroom just in case she has to use it or should I just leave it where it is? Are cats able to hold it when they have to go?
1746,CatAdvice,biting kitten,[removed]
1747,CatAdvice,Reaching the end of my patience,"In short: got new cat, he's fairly young (little less than a year, don't know the exact age) and he's stubbornly getting into everything, and when I stop him he pisses on stuff he shouldn't 

I have a shelf in my room where I grow some plants under a grow light (there is no window!!) and he's become hellbent on getting up there--probably because he knows it gets my attention. I've done everything in my power to block off the shelf, and he still barges through it all, even if he falls or it's nearly impossible to make the jump. When I remove him from successful attempts, he finds something in my room other than the Two Whole Litter Boxes in the room to pee on. 

He's gotten along great with the other three cats, even plays with the younger two regularly. I thought he was doing this because he was restless, so I started playing hard with him before bed. Then I thought he was obsessed with the shelf because I kept the cat food in the cabinet, so I moved it out of the room. Finally  because he ended up getting up earlier than me, I decided to start opening my room door so he could go downstairs with the other cats while I finish sleeping. Nope, he still comes back in and tries to get up there, and once more when I remove him, he guns straight for my closet or chair to piss on something.

I'm at the end of my rope. I'm writing this after being woken up by him jumping up there AGAIN, and I've shut him out before I boot him from here to the moon, but that's not a long term strat either because my other cats favourite litter box is in here. I honestly do not know how to manage this behaviour, and any advice would be great before I wring his skinny little neck (this is hyperbole, I would never harm any of them, but boy does he fucking test me)

Feel free to ask for more details, too. If it's relevant, I suspect he's albino and he certainly seems to have some vision issues. Vet appts are booked to high hell in my area, so while I'm certain it's behavioural his soonest checkup isn't until January so I can't make an easy visit there either."
1748,CatAdvice,How do I get my cat to stop biting me?,[removed]
1749,CatAdvice,Is there something wrong with the water or are they just being silly?,[removed]
1750,CatAdvice,Has anyone used these cat wipes on their cats? Toxic ?,[removed]
1751,CatAdvice,What commonly spouted cat 'facts' do you believe are just misinformation?,[removed]
1752,CatAdvice,what commonly spouted cat care 'facts' are actually just misinformation?,[removed]
1753,CatAdvice,What commonly spouted 'facts' are actually cat misinformation?,[removed]
1754,CatAdvice,"Going away for 5 days, should we close off part of the house?",[removed]
1755,CatAdvice,"New Cat + Resident Cat introduction went wrong, now Resident Cat is fearful of her owner (my partner)",[removed]
1756,CatAdvice,Little tip if your cat’s not going to the bed you bought,[removed]
1757,CatAdvice,How do I get my kitten to stop using claws?,[removed]
1758,CatAdvice,"Cat throwing up, twice today.",[removed]
1759,CatAdvice,It's been a year and my car refuses to use the litter box.,[removed]
1760,CatAdvice,I threw my cat by accident,[removed]
1761,CatAdvice,GIARDIA HELP- tips on how to get rid of it once and for all,"Hello cat parents. My 6 month old kitten has tested positive for giardia for a 3rd time… I am currently feeling defeated. Any advice or strategies that helped you get rid of it or cleaning tips? anything would help at this point.

Some info: he is a sphynx (hairless) he gets bathed once a week and wiped down daily. I live in an apartment with carpet. I have used bleach and Clorox on all hard surfaces and roomba daily the carpets. I cleaned his toys, threw out all cardboard, and washed blankets/beds/etc using disinfectant detergent. I cleaned his food and water bowls daily too. I don’t know what else I can do."
1762,CatAdvice,yummy yogurt ♥︎,[removed]
1763,CatAdvice,Did my cat just ruin my chance of trapping this stray/feral cat 😭?,[removed]
1764,CatAdvice,"My cat is getting fat, advice anyone?","Hi! 
So just like the title says my indoor car has started to turn into a big furry ball. She is 1.5 years and a pretty small cat , should weight about 3.5 to be healthy. She has always been thin and been able to have food freely. These last 2 months I’ve noticed she’s starting to put on some weight and weighs about 4 kg now from weighing 3,5 for her whole adult life and still growing.

I’m having a bit of a hard time deciding how to deal with her feeding because I don’t want her to go hungry several hours a day or night. What I’ve started doing is giving her more wet food since it contains less calories and then she has her dry food to snack on during the day/night. The feeding instructions says that she needs 0.5 dl a day , and that’s without wet food, which I feel is a very small amount of food to feel full on 24h a day, especially when she eats it really fast and then have nothing. I have an activation feeder and a bowl and she always get some in her bowl and a free amount of food in the feeder since she only eats a small amount from it from time to time. And no, I can’t afford feeding her only wet food at this time but will do it when I’m finished with my studies and have a good income.

So my question is , should I stop giving her dry food in her bowl and only keep the activation feeder? I don’t know if she will eat enough then but since she seems to use it even when she has food in her bowl I think it would be a good option.

If else, what is I good feeding routine so that she won’t be without food for 8 hours at night or day. Right now I give her maybe 0.5-1 dl wet food every morning and evening and not sure how often or how much dry food I should give at what times.  I’m currently studying from home so I can pretty much feed her whenever so it’s hard to find a balance. I’m giving food for sterilised indoor cats  btw. 

This is my first time owning a cat so I don’t know how to keep them fit. Does anyone have any tips or ideas on how to keep my chonker from growing any more?😂 I play with her every day so she gets to run until she’s breathing heavy and gets tired. Sorry for the long post 🫣"
1765,CatAdvice,Can I use any type of wood pellets for cat litter?,[removed]
1766,CatAdvice,7 year old cat won’t pee in the right place,"Hey everyone, I’m new to the page and Reddit!

My lovely girl Yuki is struggling with peeing and pooping in litter trays. I have had her a year now and it’s always been a problem but it’s gotten much worse now to the point where she doesn’t go in them at all.

I have been to the vet and they have done all manner of tests and determined it has to be behavioural.

She will stand in the litter tray and poop just outside it. We have tried bigger litter trays, closed ones, open ones (all different litter too). You name it we have wasted money on it. We started using puppy pads which she now pees on and not the carpet, but she will also go to the edge of that and poop on the carpet.

I have another cat, she’s about a year old and Yuki gets on with her well and had this issue before she arrived at the house, but I feel I should mention this for context. Yuki is also an indoor cat as adviced by the shelter as she has never been outside and is a little dumb.

We love Yuki so much and I know she had a rough time before us (neglectful owner), but she is making it very hard to keep her at the moment as our flat just smells of cat poop.

Does anyone have any advice? We’re desperate!"
1767,CatAdvice,My cat likes my dog more than me,[removed]
1768,CatAdvice,7 month old cat started scratching carpet,[removed]
1769,CatAdvice,Advice on managing a flea outbreak,[removed]
1770,CatAdvice,Traveling with a new cat,"Hi all! I’m planning on adopting my first cat soon, a 1 year old female. I live alone in a 1 bedroom apartment. I have plans to visit my father over the holidays for about 4 days, and am hoping to take my new cat along with me (all my friends who could cat sit will also be out of town).

She will only have about 3-4 weeks to get comfortable with me and her new home before I take her on this trip. It’s about a 2 and a half hour drive. There will also be other cats at my dad’s house (my sister is bringing her two cats), but the house is big enough that we can easily keep them separated if they don’t get along.

Is this a bad idea? Is 3 weeks after adoption too soon to give her the stress of traveling to a different location? Wondering if I should just wait until after the holidays to adopt, or if I need to search harder for a cat sitter that’s available."
1771,CatAdvice,Sibling cats now hate each other,[removed]
1772,CatAdvice,Weird Cat Interaction with dogs,[removed]
1773,CatAdvice,my cats really lonely when I'm at work but doesn't like other cats,"Sorta as the title says, my cats lonely well I'm at work according to my roommate she walks around the house meowing till I get home. She's groomed the back of her front legs naked, I thought someone shaved the backs of them at first only to learn its from overgrooming.  I would've never guessed she was so lonely well I was gone because she's not any clingier when I'm at home, she's always super excited when I get home almost like a dog but she just kinda comes and goes for attention well I'm home.

I've been told I should get her a friend, but she's not meshed well with other cats. Her old owner rehomed her because she was bullying the new kitten they got and well my grandma was staying with us she and my grandma's cat didn't get along. She wasn't slowly introduced to either of the new cats so I'm wondering if we go slow it'd be different? 

My local shelter will let you ""trail run"" adoptions to see if they get along before finalizing so I'm debating on trying that.

Any tips or ideas appreciated. 


Also;
I've tried giving her cat TV and music to chill her when I'm not home, but seems to have no affect. My roommate doesn't hang out with her and likely won't be interested on doing so. She's a tortie and apparently they're known for their attitude problems? 🤔"
1774,CatAdvice,Introducing another cat in a studio?,"So I have a resident cat, he’s about 14 months old and he’s the sweetest boy, I haven’t had any behavioral issues with him. 

I plan on adopting a 5 month old kitten but unfortunately I live in a studio apartment so the separation method will be difficult for me to complete. (I have a very small bathroom and am concerned it may not be enough space to keep a kitten in for days straight. 

Since when I introduced my cat to my parents 2 cats several months ago he was completely fine and not aggressive in the slightest (albeit it was him entering their space), I feel that maybe I just let them in the room together and make sure to spend lots of time playing and giving treats to reinforce positively. 

Any help???"
1775,CatAdvice,Never. Ending. Diarrhea.,[removed]
1776,CatAdvice,temporary enviornment change,[removed]
1777,CatAdvice,My Girlfriend iIs Planning on Euthanizing Her Cat,[removed]
1778,CatAdvice,How do I discourage one cat from eating another cats food?,[removed]
1779,CatAdvice,Recovery tips for to-be spayed feral,[removed]
1780,CatAdvice,Is gabapentin considered a sedative? Can someone point me to a good resource with solid info? (Cats cannot be flown sedated per AVMA and I can't find good information),"Hi everyone - I do plan on asking the vet this, but since she is the one who prescribed it knowing the intention of use I wanted to see if anyone had additional information. I'm not sure if this is asking for medical advice (sorry if it is), but more-so ""where can I find more information on this to make me feel more confident that I am doing what I am supposed to be doing while not risking my cat's health?""

We are moving across the country and we have a 5.5hr flight coming up. We decided to fly the cats (as carry on, not cargo) over instead of having a 5 day drive dealing with hotels, etc. The vet prescribed them gabapentin to calm them down during travel, but American Airline's policies say the following:

""At the recommendation of the American Veterinary Medical Association (AVMA), American Airlines will not accept household dogs and cats that have been sedated or tranquilized. Pets that have been given sedatives or tranquilizers are at a higher risk of respiratory and cardiovascular problems at high altitudes.""

I know it is not a tranquilizer, but is gabapentin a sedative? I absolutely do not want to put my cats at risk. Can anyone help me find a resource that has additional information to clarify if gabapentin is a sedative and/or if it poses these risks? 

Thanks!"
1781,CatAdvice,Can my cat coexist with my parent's cat over the holidays?,"My 6mo old cat (Felix) and I are here at parent's house the week, and I'm wondering what kind of dynamic we should have with their 3yo resident cat (Max). 

We made the mistake of letting them meet right away. While there was no aggression (towards eachother), they were visibly uneasy. 

Both cats are quite docile, although Max is definitely more sensitive and can get stressed by unfamiliar people or change. Felix is very adaptable and easy-going; he's enjoyed socializing with my parents and exploring the house. He was very submissive and hesitant around Max when they met, and just kept his distance.

But to my surprise, Max was aggressive towards ME. Despite how they were only in the same room together for about 10 minutes (with no conflict), when I later tried to talk to/pet him, he growled, hissed, and even swatted at me. He hissed at my parents too when they tried, but he was significantly more aggressive towards me. 

It breaks my heart because he used to LOVE me, and I'm worried  that he might resent me now? We're keeping them separated; with Felix upstairs and Max downstairs (where he spends most of his time anyway.) Should we just not attempt to introduce them again and keep them separated?"
1782,CatAdvice,"My cat screams for hours in the morning, how do I make it stop?","My sweet little 3 y/o man is an angel, except for the first few hours of the morning. I don't let him sleep with me (I tried for a bit, but I was constantly getting woken up), so I keep him out of the bedroom at night. He's quiet during the night, and then around 6am, he starts wailing to be let in. He has a timed feeder that goes off at 7am, so he's not wanting for food; in fact, after the feeder goes off and he eats, he goes right back to screaming outside my bedroom door. I think he just wants attention.

I ignore him and I don't open the bedroom door until I'm actually ready to get up (around 7:30ish), at which point I'll let him in and give him snuggles and pets. But the hour and a half-ish of him just wailing is driving me insane. He's figured out how to put his face right up to the door and scream at me so he'll be even louder. 😭 Is there anything I can do to keep him from screaming in the morning? Does he need more toys/enrichment to keep him busy while I'm sleeping, or am I just going to be listening to The Song Of His People until the end of time?"
1783,CatAdvice,Kitten aggressive with foster cat,"Hello!

I have two cats, and recently started fostering a third cat. Our kitten, around 8mo, was rescued from a feral mother. She is very food motivated, which has historically made it super easy to train her to get used to things, but I am having trouble with how she interacts with the foster cat.

Half the time, she will completely ignore him - running past him to get into a room, or sharing a space with general disinterest. She is very treat motivated, and will nearly crawl \_under\_ the foster cat to get treats. She isn't defensive about it or anything, they just happily eat treats next to each other. She doesn't seem very smart.

However, our kitten will also chase him around the house, cornering him under tables, watching him like a hawk. She will hiss and sputter and take swings at him occasionally - it does not seem like play behavior and the foster cat definitely isn't reading it as such.

I'm not sure how to disincentivize her from picking fights. The foster cat is much bigger than her, I'm not worried about his safety that much, but he is also a sweet guy who clearly does not want to fight. He would much rather flee.

How do I keep them behaving when this behavior starts the moment she isn't distracted by treats?"
1784,CatAdvice,Tips for helping a stray i took in feel safe.,"It's only been a few days so i know every cat has a different timeline for adjustment, but is there anything i can do to help her feel safe? She has a private room and she is not locked in, but she seldom leaves. My other cat will sometimes keep her company and she will sit close to him. Other than that she hides behind a shelf most of the time. She is eating and drinking and using the litter box just fine. I keep a camera in there to check on her. I have not tried to get too close to her so i don't scare her. i want her to trust me on her own terms. Anything i can do to help her along?"
1785,CatAdvice,Cat is making me miserable,[removed]
1786,CatAdvice,allergies &amp; living situations,"my boyfriend told me he doesn’t want me and my cat living with him anymore. my aunt kindly offered to let me stay there and use the basement as my bedroom, but she won’t let me bring my cat. my uncle and cousin have allergies (not even close to deadly). my cousin has only had flare ups when cuddling her or being extremely close to her. when they helped my parents move across state they were cooped up in the car with me and her and had no problems. they also stayed in my parents new apartment with her for two weeks and still no problems. (they also have a dog.) i completely understand not wanting the possibility of having to deal allergies, but she would be in the basement with me all the time. i even asked my aunt (doesn’t have allergies) if we could just try it out and see but she turned me down. i’m going to offer to buy a air purifier, vacuum everyday, bathe her every week, and even pay them but i don’t know if that’s enough. my cat deserves a better life than this and i just got a job to pay off a $1,300 vet bill so getting a place to stay on my own is not an option. i’ve even looked for roommates. if anyone has any advice or more suggestions, i’m desperate."
1787,CatAdvice,Cat tearing up couches,"Hello, how do i stop cat that likes to tear up couches but doesn’t like to play with cat toys/towers?"
1788,CatAdvice,My cat has been trying to tell me ever since I first got him that he was sick.,[removed]
1789,CatAdvice,What is this bulge?,[removed]
1790,CatAdvice,Tiny bit of cat poop on comforter,[removed]
1791,CatAdvice,Fostering a Newly Leg Amputated Cat,[removed]
1792,CatAdvice,My cat is on a diet and out for revenge,[removed]
1793,CatAdvice,Advice on roomates cat with dental issues?,[removed]
1794,CatAdvice,sleeping w/ 2 cats in a studio apartment,"im in a studio apartment with no doors or extra rooms other than a closet (i would never put my cat in a closet obvi). i got two cats about a month ago. they cuddle up with me and fall asleep around 10, then around 1-5 they are meowing, running around the house, being cats i guess. i havent slept more than 2 hours the past month, no exaggeration. not sure what to do, im going insane"
1795,CatAdvice,my cat’s eating habits are driving me nuts,"she’s a 3.5kg (thereabouts) cat who eats barely 30g of kibble + 70g of wet food. she has a problem with eating wet food.

the 70g is with me giving her multiple reminders, to the extent of spoon feeding her the wet food. i’ve tried googling and trying out what google suggests, like heating up the food, changing type of wet food, adding dry to the wet food, adding her favourite treats in it, taking the food away and giving it to her a little later, but she either flat out rejects after a few bites, or just picks out the parts she likes. she leaves usually about half or a quarter of a bowl behind, no matter how much i reduce the food. even the can of food she likes the most, at times she’ll not eat it or she requires me to remind her that there is half left before she’ll eat. 

she is fed at set timings, 2 times kibble and 1 time wet food. the vet has cleared her of any health issues. she doesn’t seem to be losing weight, and is very active.

please help. i love her to bits but it’s been an extremely frustrating nightly affair getting her to finish the wet food. i’m afraid she’ll become underweight or have health problems because she doesn’t seem to be eating enough, based on what’s recommended. any advice would be greatly appreciated."
1796,CatAdvice,How to clean cat's skin/fur after flea and worm treatment?,[removed]
1797,CatAdvice,I think I did my introduction wrongly...,[removed]
1798,CatAdvice,Cat keeps meowing when alone,"Hello, I just got a Russian blue mix, female, 7 months. She is use to being around a lot of other cats but I could only get one. Everytime I leave her in a room alone, she starts to meow and I feel bad but I do have to go to work, go out with friends, just leave the house eventually. I feel bad though, she’s so use to having alot of company that the moment she’s alone, she sounds like she is sad. Tried to catify her room with a cat tree, toys and all that so she wouldn’t be bored. She still meows when alone, it has been 3 days since I got her. Will it just take some time or is there something else I can do? I also try my best to ignore her when she is meowing so I don’t reinforce that behavior."
1799,CatAdvice,Feeding schedule,[removed]
1800,CatAdvice,anyone elses cat destroys anything string related?,"so my cat is a lil over a year old, since hes turned one hes destroyed every single pair of shoes w laces my partner and i own. hes chewed through some of my clothes, and anything that looks like it may be a string he chews through it. if wires have that fabric covering, he will chew it - he doesnt go for wires, he specifically goes for things that have fabric / looks like a shoelace. 

hes not allowed in closets, all shoes are put away, and we make any guests w laces take their shoes off at the door and im wary of buying anything electronic that has a string look. i do wanna mention that i make sure to monitor in the case he ingests any string. its like a compulsion he has, thats the best that i can describe it. 

i do play w him regularly, but im not dismissing that this may be a behavior of boredom. ive been considering getting a second cat so he has someone to play w when i cant. do u think this would help phase out this behavior? if anyone has gone thru this, do u have any advice besides what we're already doing? 

i have friends that also have cats, and none of them seem to be experiencing anything like this with their current cats or past cats."
1801,CatAdvice,"My cat is geting chonky, advise anyone?",[removed]
1802,CatAdvice,Scottish Fold does not scratch,[removed]
1803,CatAdvice,Cat thinks asthma inhaler is hissing,[removed]
1804,CatAdvice,My boyfriend wants to re-home our new kitten,"We got a kitten back in October. She was a stray. The vet said she was around 7-8 months. When we found her she was skin and bones and very weak. But after getting some food in her she started showing her personality. She is 100% cat. She’s been clawing on furniture despite us having multiple cat trees. She’s been waking us up at all hours of the night, either messing with things in the bedroom, or meowing at the top of her lungs for no apparent reason. This morning was the final straw for my boyfriend. The kitten has started knocking over any full glass she sees. We try to stop her before she does it but she’s very quiet and sneaky and we don’t see her do it until it’s too late. This morning, she found a glass of water in my boyfriend’s office and knocked it over and it poured all over his work laptop. He was furious and is now demanding we re-home her. I feel bad because I’ve grown fond of her. I know these things are just things kittens do. And I feel like she’ll either grow out of it, or we’ll just have to get better about watching her around cups and redirecting her. But my boyfriend is officially done with her. Is there anything I can do?"
1805,CatAdvice,Best UK brand food for cat prone to cystitis.,[removed]
1806,CatAdvice,"my cat HATES CATNIP, why?",[removed]
1807,CatAdvice,Moving my cat into an apartment with 2 new cats,[removed]
1808,CatAdvice,Trouble with cat introduction!,"My boyfriend and I recently adopted a 5 year old cat (Bebe) and have had our resident cat (Bowser) for 2 years. We adopted Bebe almost 2.5 weeks ago and have been working on a gradual introduction. Things have been going mostly really great. We’ve gotten them to the point of eating directly in front of each other through a doo and have let them see each other from a distance. 

We started to move them into the same room a few days ago. We keep them both distracted and Bebe does great at first. Bowser (resident cat) is very perplexed by her and spends most of his time observing her play. He is comfortable enough to be briefly distracted by treats. 

This lasts roughly 15 mins before Bebe decides to randomly hunt Bowser and attack him. Nothing serious, just chasing, hisses, and swats. We separate immediately. My boyfriend has read that we should allow them to set boundaries like this, but I’ve read that we should always leave introductions on a positive note. Does anyone have insight on this or know why Bebe might randomly pouncing? Thanks!!!

Also note: Bebe had a previous owner and lived with another cat (that she mostly avoided) and a dog (that she really liked)"
1809,CatAdvice,Help my cats missing,[removed]
1810,CatAdvice,I am a new kitten father and have some questions regarding that kitten.,[removed]
1811,CatAdvice,My cat will not stop peeing outside of the litter box,"Hi everyone,

I have a one year old cat who occasionally (once or twice a day) will pee outside of her litter box. She is spayed and according to her vet is healthy. She usually pees in front of doors, like the bathroom door if it is closed or my roommate's door or even the front door even though she does not like the outside. I've been trying to combat the issue by making sure to take her with me when I use the bathroom and my roommate is trying to do the same but recently I went on a trip and had to leave my cat with my roommate and the peeing got worse so now I'm looking for a long-term solution. 

The peeing started about a month after I adopted her (which would be march 2022). Around the same time she fell the bathtub while I was taking a bath. I don't know how significant of an incident it was but the peeing started around the same time. She isn't that squeemish of water nowadays so I don't think that is the reason for it. Also, my roommate moved in a little while after that. 

Here are the solutions I already tried:

1- Taking her with me to the bathroom and keeping doors open (which isn't always possible). 

2- Putting her in the litterbox after meals and after she sleeps. Works somewhat well, except for when I am at work or at night (so half of the time).

3- Changing litters. I use a clumping small pellet litter, which is what vets recommend for these kinds of issues. I scoop multiple times every day and change out the litter every month.

4- Changing her food. She gets wet food each morning and dry food throughout the day. Don't know what else I could do about that. 

She is overall a somewhat nervous cat. She will usually meow outside our doors whenever we close them and meow when we come back from the outside. I've also very briefly given Feliway (the spray version) a try and it seemed to work but I've read very mixed reviews and I wanted to ask here before committing to it. 

At this point I'm pretty desparate to solve this issue and would be open to any suggestions. If you have any questions or need more information, please ask. Thank you :)"
1812,CatAdvice,Male 6 months old cat is eating all the time,"Hello hello,
So I know this might be dumb but my cat is literally always eating. He eats a lot of dry food, goes outside the room, plays two seconds with his sister then comes back to eat a whole serving of dry food. He does this a lot throughout the day, I feed him wet food too but he seems like it’s never enough. I have to admit that he has gained  weight ( he looks very cute though 😂). 
His sister is not the same at all, she stops when she’s had enough and eats a few times a day.

Do you have any experience with this ? 
Is this normal ?
Sorry if this question was weird. 

Thanks in advance ☺️"
1813,CatAdvice,"Found a cat outside, need help w/ current cat",[removed]
1814,CatAdvice,Flying with cats tips," Fellow cat owners who have experience travelling with cats by plane, can you share your experience and also some tips?

For the context, I live in Finland and will be moving to Brazil (which means conexion flights and long hours in the air) with my 2 cats. It will be their first time flying and I want to make it the least stressful possible for them."
1815,CatAdvice,My girlfriend’s cat hates men?,So I know this sounds funny but my girlfriend has a female cat who is around 2 years old and she really dislikes men. She doesn’t have any problems with being petted by my girlfriend or her mother however whenever she is in the same room with my girlfriend’s father or younger brother she will start hissing and will run away if they try to pet her. She was also scared of me (20M) at first too and was hostile towards me but she got used to me being around (I’m a huge cat person so I was patient with her). However when a female friend of ours was introduced to the cat at the exact same time I was she had no problems cuddling together and showing physical affection. Does anyone know why this might be?
1816,CatAdvice,Please help :c At my wits end with my new cat and her peeing on my bed very close to getting rid of her which is so against my nature,[removed]
1817,CatAdvice,Is it ok to give Persian cat kibbles to domestic short hair cat sometimes?,[removed]
1818,CatAdvice,Nurse Cat,[removed]
1819,CatAdvice,How can I make my mom feed my cat less?,"I’m currently not living with my mother but I go see her and my cat every week. My cat has been gaining weight again and is obese! I have been trying to get my mom to feed my cat less but she always gives him treats, are there some products like feeders I could buy for my cat?"
1820,CatAdvice,being pregnant and having a cat in heat is an insight to motherhood.,"As title says, I'm 39wks pregnant and have a 5 months old kitten that's in heat (got appointment to get her spayed on the 6th of Dec) and it's been pure torture. Nothing settles her. We play a lot, give her extra cuddles but the peace only lasts a couple of hours at most. I feel terrible for her but I swear I want to cry just as much as her. 

And my partner doesn't care, does not try to engage with her, all he does is shush her or pspsps at her (which it does feck all).

While I'm up all night with the cries. I'm exhausted already and i should be resting since I could go into labour any day now.

Rant over."
1821,CatAdvice,Cats always hungry?,[removed]
1822,CatAdvice,How much food to give my cat?,[removed]
1823,CatAdvice,When to move from scent to sight phase when introducing cats?,"Hi all! I am currently going through the process of getting Shark (M,5) acclimated to my resident cat Nines (M,1.5). I’m still in the very early stages. 

Nines is totally fine with the smell of Shark and is actually very eager to meet him, but Shark is still hissing at anything with his smell and even going to attack it. 

I know I can’t let them see one another through a screen door yet, but I was curious as to when I should? Should I wait for Shark to fully stop hissing/growling, or just until he stops attacking? Any advice is appreciated!"
1824,CatAdvice,should i bring my cat with to house sit?,"i am going to be house sitting for 4 days. there is 2 dogs there and i am worried because she gets stressed around dogs first of all, and second of all she cannot do drives. she dry heaves and freaks out in cars and i don’t want to have to bring her on a 30 minute drive there and back. would she be better off just staying home and having me check in on her every day?"
1825,CatAdvice,Thoughts on clicker training?,[removed]
1826,CatAdvice,Kitten bites my face 🫣,[removed]
1827,CatAdvice,My cat is too smart and I don't what to do for better enrichment,[removed]
1828,CatAdvice,Anxious senior cat’s first grooming appointment,[removed]
1829,CatAdvice,wet kibble storage?,[removed]
1830,CatAdvice,Do cats get cold?,"It's 3c every night and it's cold and my two 7month old ragdoll is cold. I got them a cat cave and heating matts and of course they don't use it... However they cuddle tgt sometimes at night but when I touch there fur it's cold and not super warm. I'm so worried they will get cold and freeze to death :(
Is this normal? They will be ok right? I'm so worried :("
1831,CatAdvice,Best cat tracking device,"My cats and I are moving cross country and I am thinking about getting them some sort of tracker incase they get lost. Right now I am looking at Tile Bluetooth trackers, but am unsure they would work for this purpose. 
Does anyone have experience with these sort of trackers? What are the best affordable option?"
1832,CatAdvice,What is your experience with ProDen Plaque Off Powder?,[removed]
1833,CatAdvice,How can I stop the pain,[removed]
1834,CatAdvice,How to stop plucking,"I have 2 cats who have just turned 1 (they’re brothers from the same litter). 
While both of my cats enjoy plucking, cat A is satisfied with plucking the scratching posts we have around the house, but cat B loves to pluck the carpet, mainly the bottom of the stairs, and outside the ensuite. The plucking usually happens when I’m in the ensuite, early mornings and late at night (both usually when we are in bed). We even bought 2 new scratching posts for those areas. The new posts helped for a little bit, but now it’s worse than ever. I have tried playing with them throughout the day and especially at night to tire them out for bed but nothing is working anymore. I have a spray that stops them but I can’t spray the entire staircase, and it only works for a couple of hours. I am at the point where he gets put in a large dog cage (it has a bed in it) at night or else he keeps me up all night plucking. 

I would love some advice on what to do because I am at my wits end and he is causing damage to the carpet."
1835,CatAdvice,My female cat doesn’t like my boyfriend.,"Ha! I almost don’t want to correct this because it’s really funny watching her find new ways to harass him but…

My female cat is 1.5 years old (spayed five months ago) and is very aggressive towards my boyfriend. He has two neutered 2 year old male cats at his house. They were friendly before she was spayed. Now she attacks him sometimes playfully but always aggressively. Scratching, hissing, deep growls. She’ll let him pet her if she’s very sleepy. She’ll let him play with her using a long stick toy. 

She’s quite friendly with everyone else but he spend the most time here. She’s like my shadow so maybe that’s part of it?

Thanks in advance!"
1836,CatAdvice,Cat gets jealous of his brother whenever I show him attention,[removed]
1837,CatAdvice,Advice for Making Rehoming Easier,"I live in the US. I'm rehoming my 2 y/o, spayed cat tomorrow for many reasons, most importantly for not being able to afford to properly care for her anymore. I've had her since she was 8 months.

I love this cat &amp; it will be incredibly hard to say goodbye to her, but I'm also worried about the transition for her. She's a very anxious cat &amp; her vet said she needs anxiety medication along w home remedies for anxiety. She is a rescue who has been adopted &amp; returned to a shelter by someone before I adopted her. Shelter rescued her &amp; ker kittens living outside. Other history is unknown. I think she has abandonment issues.

I know the new owner somewhat; we are coworkers &amp; I trust he will take good care of her, better than I can, &amp; ik she will end up being happier with him. It's the right thing to do but does anyone have advice for things I can do to make the transition better? 

I'm going to give them all her toys, beds, favorite blankets, litter, food, treats, catnip she's used to, cat carrier, vet info. Anything else I can do? 

Thanks for reading"
1838,CatAdvice,What is this black scab thingy underneath my cats lip??,[removed]
1839,CatAdvice,How do I stop my cat from eating my dog’s food?,[removed]
1840,CatAdvice,Renewed maternal instinct?,"My cat is acting weird. 

She gave birth to her first kitten 2 and half months ago. And just like any other mother cats, she was very protective and caring during the first few weeks. Won't let anyone touch/carry her kitten, hide her from us, etc. After 2 months, she's not protective anymore and the kitten is now basically a young cat that is now independent from the mother. 

Of course, these are all very normal but the weird thing is what's happening now. The mother cat gave birth to two new kittens this week. As normal, she's again being very caring and protective of the new kittens. 

But what's weird is that she became over protective again of the first cat. When she's away from her, she would come and pick her up by her neck or ear even though they're almost the same size now and would try to bring her back together with the two new kittens. 

Whenever we try to carry and play with the older kitten, the mother cat would come to us and would try to take her away. It's as if she thinks the older kitten is part of the newborns and her protective maternal instinct for the older cat got renewed? 

Just like other young cats, the first kitten is now very playful and keeps on running around. However, I think this is stressing the mother cat so much as she would always try to bring her back.

I'm thinking of getting the older kitten away from the mother in the meantime while she's still nursing the newborns?

Or maybe this is actually normal for the mother cat and not really concerning?"
1841,CatAdvice,Is it cruel to lock cats out of your room when you are unwell? (Please read for details),[removed]
1842,CatAdvice,Messy Cat With IVD- Are there wet wipes out there that are safe for cats?,[removed]
1843,CatAdvice,Introducing a new kitten and my cat is being...confusing?,"So I rescued a little feral kitten, Basil, when she was 10wks old after she appeared my back deck. It has been about a month now and I've successfully been able to socialize her (although she still is a bit skittish) so now I'm starting the process of introducing her to my resident cat, Peaches.

Peaches is 5yrs old and my most beloved nightmare lol She I describe her as the poster child of ""single kitten syndrome"" and I have barely been able to improve her play aggression for the 4yrs I've had her 🥲 She still has the energy of a kitten, and I was contemplating getting her a kitten next year to maybe reduce the violent attacks on my legs, but hey! That's when Basil showed up!

I'm following Jackson Galaxy's method of introducing cats, but these two have accidentally come face to face before-- when I first trapped the kitten and was clearing a bathroom, I accidentally didn't shut the door right and they briefly sniffed each other's noses before I shooed Peaches away. Note that this is a shockingly good cat interaction for Peaches bc if she faces a cat outdoors through a window she typically screams like she's dying. The 2nd time they interacted was again, bc I'm terrible at shutting doors. I entered my office (where kitten is kept) to find Peaches staring intensely at the kitten like she was shocked that this creature was still here lol This time Peaches did hiss when she was picked up, but I think that's more because she was startled 😅

Now, this is where I am getting mixed signals. Room swapping? Not a problem; Peaches sniffed around at first but then just carried on with life. And it's the same thing with feeding on either side of the door! Peaches has no qualms with eating her food with Basil's bowl right up near her-- Peaches actually eats faster than the kitten, and when she's done eating she just walks away as usual! BUT the kitten recently discovered that she can fit her little paws underneath the door, and if Peaches sees her little paw, it's an immediate big hiss 😭? Idk how she can be okay with all the other steps day one, but a little paw and it's game over??

I feel bad for the kitten, bc she really wants to play with Peaches and will try to door-dash if she notices Peaches (Peaches does not notice her bc she is busy begging for the food I bring the kitten lol). Do I move on to the next step of eating with only a screen (or in this case, through the mesh of Basil's giant play pen) or is this a sign that things are going sour?

I'm super worried bc I'll be visiting my parents in a month and Peaches comes with me for that, but this time kitten will have to come with me too! I was so hoping Peaches would be more accepting of a baby cat but alas she still hates poor lil Basil 😢

TIA!"
1844,CatAdvice,I’m moving! (And bringing my cat!),"Hello! I am not looking for any advice in particular, just hoping if anyone has any tips or tricks. My cat has been living with me at my parents house. She lives with 2 dogs and my dad who works from home all the time. She is used to having people around. We are now moving to a new apartment in a couple weeks. It’ll just be her and me, and I will be going into an office for 9 hours a day, so I’d imagine this will be a difficult adjustment for her, both a new environment and being alone. (Plus, a 3.5 hour car ride for the move) if anyone has any advice or tips to make this move the easiest on her, I greatly appreciate it!! I already plan on taking her to the vet to get advice and maybe some anxiety meds especially for that drive, haha. 

I also want to add, she’s bonded to my dad, too. Not as much as me, but she still loves him. I was thinking I’ll bring stuff that smells like him? 

Thanks In advanced!!"
1845,CatAdvice,Cat doesn’t like to be touched on the chin,"Hi! I have a lovely tuxedo female cat (6 years old). One thing I found out is that she doesn’t like to be pet on the chin, at all. She turns the head to another side so I can scratch her face or just bite my hand. 
She also seems to like being massaged on the paw. 
I think it’s a personal (catsonal?) preference but I’m just curious. She’s a healthy and loving baby."
1846,CatAdvice,cuddly during the night only,"anyone in a similar situation? my cat always sleeps with us in bed at night and very cuddly, but not cuddly at all during the day even though he is also sleeping lots somewhere else. 😴"
1847,CatAdvice,Can you give raw meat to your cat to help encourage appetite?,[removed]
1848,CatAdvice,My kitten (domestic shorthair 4 months) vomiting when eating temptations cat treats,[removed]
1849,CatAdvice,It's been a month and a half and my cat hides from me,[removed]
1850,CatAdvice,Should I get a second cat (for my very adventurous and affectionate cat)?,"For some background: my 1.5 year old male tabby, Ivy, has been with me since I adopted him as a 9 week old kitten. He was the only kitten in the RSPCA enclosure who didn't run when he saw my 43 kg (95 lb) dog Isaac approach, and they were best friends within 10 minutes at home. Ivy goes right up to people when they visit, whether strangers or otherwise, loves pats from everyone. Goes for harnessed walks, even hangs out the car window on trips (harnessed to belt buckle, I promise). So he's a dog cat really. Adventurous, affectionate, smart, curious.

At home, it's been just Ivy and Isaac (who cuddle together all the time and play together occassionally), plus a house rabbit (Ivy would sometimes bully her during play but otherwise they left each other alone), who has since passed of old age. Ivy is an indoor cat but he's allowed access to a cat enclosure thing that allows him to go right to the fence. There, he calls SUPER loudly to the neighbour's cat to play and can often get quite upset when she doesn't show up.

His only semi extended interaction with a cat was when I recently took care of my friend's 1 year old shy female cat named Nyx for a week. Ivy was always very curious, patient, desperate to play but gave Nyx her space. They never quite got to cuddle levels because Nyx was very standoffish, but Ivy came close to winning her over. And Ivy was utterly heartbroken when the week was over and Nyx went back home. He wandered around the apartment looking dejected for a whole day. And he still goes to the fence daily for some cat interaction, which he doesn't always get.

My question is whether these are all signs that I should adopt another cat. I've read a lot of articles and posts warning about the difficulties, but in those cases, it seemed to be with a cat who was being introduced to another cat for the first time. So I was hoping for some tailored advice about my situation. Does the fact that Ivy seems to crave cat interaction mean I'll have a better chance of making a cat pair work? Would it be cruel not to try? (Okay ""cruel"" is a bit dramatic, but you know what I mean.) Even though Ivy is enthusiastic about a new cat friend now, will this fade over time and is there a chance they'll just get into fights later? Is Ivy and Isaac's occasional playtime enough to satisfy him?

For those who vote yes adopt another cat, any advice about age/sex etc? I personally think Ivy is a bit of a ladies' man and would love a female companion around his age, but I'm open to suggestions.

I would honestly prefer not to adopt another cat right now because I live in a small two-bedroom apartment with a giant dog and a cat, so I'd struggle for space. And the idea of adopting a cat only to find that it won't work out is quite stressful. But it also breaks my heart to hear Ivy calling out to the neighbour's cat to play and getting no response.

As a compromise, I was actually thinking of waiting until Isaac passes, since he's quite old, and adopting another cat then, to help both Ivy and myself grieve. This may not happen for several years, however, and I do feel bad for Ivy in the meantime.

Thanks to anyone who read through all that! Would love some advice from experienced cat owners tailored to my situation."
1851,CatAdvice,Introducing a foster kitten to an anxious resident cat,[removed]
1852,CatAdvice,How to keep geriatric cat's weight up?,[removed]
1853,CatAdvice,Introducing foster kitten to anxious resident cat,[removed]
1854,CatAdvice,Cat is shy to new people after neuter,[removed]
1855,CatAdvice,"Cat socialization (neuro issues, trauma)",[removed]
1856,CatAdvice,Is this cruel?,"Helu, I have a 4 mo kitten and he’s my first cat ever. I don’t want him to be alone in the bathroom for his safety so he’s allowed in there when I am but he has to leave the room with me. He was really great about it the first couple of weeks but then he started testing more and more to see for how long I would hold the door open and wait for him to leave with me. I tried reinforcing good behaviour with treats many times, then this morning he just wouldn’t come out and out of frustration I closed the door and went back to my desk a few feet away. After a few minutes he started crying and I ignored him for a couple of minutes before going back and opening the door, he bolted out. I thought it would teach him that the consequence of not leaving with me is staying in there, it seemed like a pretty straight forward action-reaction kinda thing, but now he just seems scared. Do you think it’s okay or was it just cruel?"
1857,CatAdvice,I am a new kitten father and have some questions regarding that kitten.,[removed]
1858,CatAdvice,restless kitty,hello ♥︎ my little girl is 7 months old and is a very happy one who is always very very eager to play and never gets tired. she has a pretty impressive appetite and is always jumping around and we are always playing with one another. She follows me everywhere and watches me do anything all the time. one thing is that she never ever sleeps. Ever. whenever she sees me she jumps and wants to initiate a playtime session and we always do it. Whenever I finally see her closing her eyes I start moving and she immediately wakes up and follows me. Visited 2 vets and they said it’s nothing to worry about. what do I do?
1859,CatAdvice,Kitten (5 months) Attacks my 3 and 4 year old cats on sight. I Need help!,"5 months ago we found a kitty(Romeo) all alone on our farm. Decided to take him into our home as we couldn’t bring our selves to just leave him there. Very cute, innocent and tiny. He had fun with my other cats as he was smaller but now its getting out of hand as he is bigger and faster now

My other cats are Rick (4.5yrs old) and Cheeto (3.5yrs old) are very peaceful and sometimes play fight with each other. Now romeo, while he was tiny, would play fight with rick and cheeto as much as he could. Typical fun kitten behavior that was really fun/cute to watch. The problem now is Romeo with his kitten levels of energy is a little too crazy. He sprints full speed and attempts to mount both rick and cheeto on sight every day and every opportunity he gets. Rick is a stronger, more “alpha” cat while cheeto is the definition of a scaredy cat, pretty weak, innocent and affectionate which im totally fine with.

My problem is my other cats are starting to slightly change and I can tell sometimes they are distressed. My main concern is cheeto because romeo can smell the weakness off cheeto and enjoys what id consider bullying cheeto. Sometimes I catch him just growling when romeo is in the vicinity. I understand its the age difference and energy levels which contribute to the incompatibility but my family is starting to get annoyed and although they like romeo, due to his behavior they dont like him as much as the other cats because of his behavior. I can live with them not really playing with romeo as my family doesnt really know what goes into cat owner ship but I play with romeo 2 hours a day and it’s difficult playing with him that much just for his energy levels to be at 90% and launch at my other cats. Cheeto yelps is very vocal as he’s being chased as he runs and Rick play fights with romeo One out of every 10 times Romeo chases him. But when Rick is hissing telling him to f off essentially romeo doesnt stop, same with cheeto. Romeo always tries to bite the back of Rick‘s leg near his butt and it looks like Rick is really bothered by it.

I really need romeo to take it at least one step back and not bully my other cats. I really feel that romeo knows what hes doing is bad but he gets off to it. How do I get him to stop attacking cheeto on sight? I understand kittens are crazy but I think hes taking it too far. I keep cheeto in our big/nice basement with all his necessities with the door to upstairs closed as he spends most of his time down there anyway. 
It’s really difficult doing this on my own and I don’t want my family to continue being annoyed with him. I don’t know where to find a professional behaviourist or at least a reliable one. Will neutering Romeo bring this behaviour down a notch?

Any advice is appreciated. Thank you so much

TLDR: five month old kitten aggresively play attacks other three and four-year-old cats on site and I can tell they’re not enjoying it because they run and hiss and the 5 month old doesnt stop. How do I reduce this behaviour and what should I do in general to get him to take it down a notch?"
1860,CatAdvice,siamese ignoring litter boxes,[removed]
1861,CatAdvice,Cat with unknown history?,[removed]
1862,CatAdvice,Is this Flea and Tick spray safe for cats?,[removed]
1863,CatAdvice,Considering getting a second cat; do maine coons and siberians get along?,"I have a one year old male siberian who is the calmest, sweetest, most affection cat. He likes playing a couple times a day but isn't hyperactive. He's used to being the only cat and requires a LOT of love and affection. I'm moving soon and will be doing school/work full time so I won't be home as often as I am now, and want to get him a friend. I love maine coons, but I don't know a ton about cats. Does anybody know if a maine coon would get along well with my male siberian? Would female or male be better? If not, are there any specific breeds that get along well with siberians? Any other advice?"
1864,CatAdvice,Can cats just be grumpy some days?,[removed]
1865,CatAdvice,My cat communicates his needs with his food. Have you ever seen this before?,[removed]
1866,CatAdvice,Cat won't stop meowing when roaming around place where a kitten has been,"Hi everyone,

My significant other and her sister recently adopted a stray kitten 2 months ago. They've separated the kitten to be downstairs and their 6 year old cat upstairs.

They feel bad their older cat can't explore the house like she used to so they've tried bringing her downstairs (when the kitten isn't around) to explore but she's just constantly meowing. It's sounding like a sad meow too. Is there anything that can be down to help calm down when she's downstairs and explore more?

Any information would be very helpful!

For context the cats don't like each other. Although recently the older cat can be seen tolerating the kitten but will hiss and paw/attack the kitten if he comes too close to her or tries to ""play""."
1867,CatAdvice,Roommate’s outdoor cat (inside for winter).,[removed]
1868,CatAdvice,My dad wants to get rid of our cats and I don't know how to feel,"I have 3 cats who have decided to become real bad recently. I make sure they have new litter weekly, and clean the litter they have daily

They would rarely ever use the bathroom outside of the litter box, like once a month max for the last few months, and then this month it started going down hill

They nearly daily use places other than the litter box. Important papers my dad needs, kitchen, living room, almost any piece of paper or plastic that gets left on the floor, no matter if there are things in it or not

He's telling me he's fed up, and I quote, ""I'll take them to the dog pound myself I don't care what anybody thinks I'm sick of it"" around an hour ago

Now I pay for food/litter mostly because he can't work with his disabilities, I work overnights so during the day I am asleep and not around them, he spends at least 5x more time with any of the cats than I do

I see where he's coming from and I know why he's upset and annoyed, I am too, and we don't really have the extra money to take any in to see if it's there's some issue they are having

I don't want to decide anything based on my emotions, so I just wanted to get some feedback on ideas/if he's right and we should re-home them or bring them in somewhere/what else I can do/anything, since I just don't know how to feel"
1869,CatAdvice,"My cat is getting chonky, advice anyone?",[removed]
1870,CatAdvice,How to stop cat from biting so hard when playing?,[removed]
1871,CatAdvice,Is it normal for fleas to prefer one cat over the other?,[removed]
1872,CatAdvice,‘Food-motivated’,"The shelter described him as ‘food-motivated’ but in reality he is a demon who will never cease in trying to stick his tiny face into whatever we’re cooking or eating. We can’t sit at our dining table without him pouncing on to it and entering hand to paw combat for our dinner. 
We’ve tried establishing alternative spots for him using treats when we’re cooking/eating but nothing seems to work. Help??"
1873,CatAdvice,My cats won't stop fighting. What should I do?,"So basically I have two male cats both are 1yo, they grew up together and they used to get along quite well but it's been a few months and they just won't stop fighting, the vet told us to neuter one of them and see how things go, they did stop fighting for a while but it's been a few days and their fights are more violent than ever. I thought about neutering the second one but I'm scared they won't stop fighting and I know for a fact that it's gonna be nearly impossible to get any of them adopted bc people where I live simply won't take adult neutered cats in
I really don't know what to do and I'm scared one of them might get seriously injured"
1874,CatAdvice,Advice for bringing a feral cat inside?,"I have been feeding this feral cat for about 10 years. She lives under the porch and appears very healthy for her age. She comes up me when I feed her but won’t let me pet her. It is starting to get cold out and I want to bring her inside with my other cats. I was going to put her in the basement because I don’t have a spare room available. My vet is only open 3 days a week now. I would have to trap her in the morning and call the vet to see if they have an opening. There is a shortage of vets in my area and either they are not taking new patients or they are booking appointments months in advance.

Do you think it would be ok to just bring her inside or should I try to get a vet appointment first?"
1875,CatAdvice,Advice for being in feral cat?,"I have been feeding this feral cat for about 10 years. She lives under the porch and appears very healthy for her age. She comes up me when I feed her but won’t let me pet her. It is starting to get cold out and I want to bring her inside with my other cats. I was going to put her in the basement because I don’t have a spare room available. My vet is only open 3 days a week now. I would have to trap her in the morning and call the vet to see if they have an opening. There is a shortage of vets in my area and either they are not taking new patients or they are booking appointments months in advance.

Do you think it would be ok to just bring her inside or should I try to get a vet appointment first?"
1876,CatAdvice,Advice for kittens,[removed]
1877,CatAdvice,my kitten gets aggressive around treats,[removed]
1878,CatAdvice,We’re taking a small vacation.,[removed]
1879,CatAdvice,Is 3 cats too much?,[removed]
1880,CatAdvice,Has anyone tried either of these products &amp; can speak to their efficacy? UTI related,[removed]
1881,CatAdvice,TMI My Cat Keeps Pooping Outside the Litter Box,[removed]
1882,CatAdvice,what options do I have to fix my cats behaviour,[removed]
1883,CatAdvice,How long did it take to remove your cat’s cone after spay?,[removed]
1884,CatAdvice,My cat has asthma but the inhaler doesn’t seem to be working as well as I’d hoped. Am I doing something wrong?,"My cat was recently diagnosed with asthma &amp; Iv since had her on an inhaler. I give it to her twice a day (as recommended by the vet) but she still seems to have problems breathing.

Note: I use the adaptor for the inhaler I was provided which goes around her nose/mouth so she can breathe it in properly. 

I don’t use the wall plug ins that people say can cause issues, I do clean/vacuum regularly, have an air purifier - but even with all this &amp; the inhaler sometimes she still sounds like she’s struggling to breathe. 

She still eats / plays / acts fine for the most part. Again it just sounds like she’s struggling.

Is it possible I’m using the inhaler adaptor wrong? Or are there any other things I can do to help her? I read that steroids can cause issues long term but the only time she seemed to be doing the best was when she was first diagnosed &amp; was temporarily on them to help with the severity of her inflammation / lung issues 

Any help or suggestions would be really appreciated!"
1885,CatAdvice,Cat bite,"Hello everyone!
I made a mistake with my newly adopted cat. I have him for about a day and he won’t eat. I tried to give him little fishnsnack but I was stupid and held it between my fingers. As he ate it he bit my finger a bit. The bite is probably 1mm big and not really deep. A bit of blood came out but it was a really small amount. I heard a lot of horror stories online about cat bites and wanted to ask if I should go to ER.

I desinfected the bite and washed my hands."
1886,CatAdvice,what does a meowing cat want?,[removed]
1887,CatAdvice,Cat Feeders that do the job.,Any suggestions for automatic cat feeders that anyone has been using and has had positive results? Used to free feed my cat but learned that is not a good idea and looking for a reliable auto feeder.
1888,CatAdvice,any cat litter suggestions?,whats the best cat litter you guys have bought for your cats? i can’t find one that is good for my cat.
1889,CatAdvice,Need advice please,We adopted a kitten yesterday from a rescue center  the lady told us she was from a capture from a ferel colony and altho she had been at the center for 8 weeks she hadnt really been handled this was an understatement it is clear sue was only handed by vets for her jabs and spaying. We brought her home yesterday put her in a quiet room she came out of her carrier but hid behind the bin which is in her little area ahe came out a few times in the night (i slept on sofa so could hear her) she had a lil sniff around and used her litter tray i think she may have drank a lil water but hasnt touched any food she has stayed behind the bin all day today hasnt come  out once since about 7am now 4.30pm im nit an expert in cats as she is our first we have done everything the websites amd advice pages say in leaving her alone i have visited her room 4 times today and she definetly hasnt moved fresh food still untouched litter tray clean i even dropped a few treats down by her and she jasnt touched them how long do i wait before i worry as im already worried about her
1890,CatAdvice,Tips on keeping active kittens separate and entertained after one is recovering from spaying,[removed]
1891,CatAdvice,Kitten not having food boundaries,[removed]
1892,CatAdvice,One of my cats bit a tiny chunk out of the other one’s ear. WTF,[removed]
1893,CatAdvice,I wanna get a cat but I've got some questions.,"Okay, so I want cats one day. I can't get them anytime soon, because my mother wouldn't allow it. I've already decided I'd like to get one in the future. I have many questions about this since I'm inexperienced. Also, this doesn't have to be the case, but I'd kinda like to just stay single... Would 3 cats be hard for a single, working person? I could go for 2 instead.

I've looked at some breeds and found some I really like, but would having a Maine Coon, Ragdoll, and a Snowshoe be hard/expensive/bad? Should I just go with less pricey/rare breeds?

Also, since I'll be single and working, I've read maybe 6 months would be the youngest age I could leave them as I work. Is this fine?

Would it be better to just adopt one? Or would it be hard to find?

Also is male Maine coon, male ragdoll, and female snowshoe fine?"
1894,CatAdvice,Room smells of litter,[removed]
1895,CatAdvice,Recently received a 4 week old kitten &amp; now I'm too nervous to sleep,"I know the title is weird don't judge, very sleep deprived lol

I recently was randomly given a kitten which I love but I haven't had a kitten in very long time and usually had others to help. 

So, I'm nervous to sleep cause my place is very very much not kitten proof right now and ive been keeping it on my bed in a carrier (mainly open when i can supervise.) I currently have to bring it down to its liter box and give it food and water. I know kittens need to eat well and drink well and i want to stay on top of it.

I just bought a playpen that is a good size for the kitten but it was purchased online so its gonna take a few days and I'm not sure what I can do till then"
1896,CatAdvice,Size exclusive kitten hides?,[removed]
1897,CatAdvice,Litter box question,So I have my cats litter box in my bathroom and I like to take long showers and I do my hair in the bathroom which takes awhile and she doesn't like the sound of the blow dryer. And I also have the door closed while I'm using the bathroom. My question is when I'm in the bathroom for a long period of time should I leave the litterbox outside the bathroom just in case she has to use it or should I just leave it where it is? Are cats able to hold it when they have to go?
1898,CatAdvice,biting kitten,[removed]
1899,CatAdvice,Reaching the end of my patience,"In short: got new cat, he's fairly young (little less than a year, don't know the exact age) and he's stubbornly getting into everything, and when I stop him he pisses on stuff he shouldn't 

I have a shelf in my room where I grow some plants under a grow light (there is no window!!) and he's become hellbent on getting up there--probably because he knows it gets my attention. I've done everything in my power to block off the shelf, and he still barges through it all, even if he falls or it's nearly impossible to make the jump. When I remove him from successful attempts, he finds something in my room other than the Two Whole Litter Boxes in the room to pee on. 

He's gotten along great with the other three cats, even plays with the younger two regularly. I thought he was doing this because he was restless, so I started playing hard with him before bed. Then I thought he was obsessed with the shelf because I kept the cat food in the cabinet, so I moved it out of the room. Finally  because he ended up getting up earlier than me, I decided to start opening my room door so he could go downstairs with the other cats while I finish sleeping. Nope, he still comes back in and tries to get up there, and once more when I remove him, he guns straight for my closet or chair to piss on something.

I'm at the end of my rope. I'm writing this after being woken up by him jumping up there AGAIN, and I've shut him out before I boot him from here to the moon, but that's not a long term strat either because my other cats favourite litter box is in here. I honestly do not know how to manage this behaviour, and any advice would be great before I wring his skinny little neck (this is hyperbole, I would never harm any of them, but boy does he fucking test me)

Feel free to ask for more details, too. If it's relevant, I suspect he's albino and he certainly seems to have some vision issues. Vet appts are booked to high hell in my area, so while I'm certain it's behavioural his soonest checkup isn't until January so I can't make an easy visit there either."
1900,CatAdvice,How do I get my cat to stop biting me?,[removed]
1901,CatAdvice,Is there something wrong with the water or are they just being silly?,[removed]
1902,CatAdvice,How Can I Help My Roommates Cat Be Less Aggressive? (PLEASE HELP!),"My best friend and I recently moved in together and we both have cats. We believe her cat has PTSD from previously living with a very aggressive cat, because of this every time she sees my cat she hisses and even recently lunged at him. We’ve been doing everything we can to slowly introduce them but my roommates cat has no interest and is just always trying to fight him. Is there anything I can do?? I’ve been reading about feliway does that do anything??"
1903,CatAdvice,Cat licking my face,"My cat has taken to licking my face (my hair too sometimes lmao) almost every morning sometimes during the day too when we’re chilling watching TV she goes on my chest and licks me while I pet her. I thought this was just my cat being affectionate she usually purrs too sometimes or trying to get me out of bed, but someone pointed out to me that  cats actually do this when they’re stressed? Should I be worried. I thought they were just being cute and they seem perfectly fine to me. Everything is the same except the past 2 weeks they’ve just been more affectionate and clingy but now I’m paranoid I’m missing something."
1904,CatAdvice,Leaving for an extended period of time.,"Hello, I’m asking this because I saw a similar question asked and I have been stressing about this for awhile so I thought I’d bring it up to y’all.  I have a possible job opportunity in the summer in Alaska.  If I do
The whole summer season I’d be there from may to October.  This job is something I’ve been wanting to do for a while and it feels like I would really regret not doing it.  Unfortunately the employee housing does not allow animals.  Currently I’m living at home with my mom so
The living environment wouldn’t change for her except I wouldn’t be there. She’s not particularly clingy but she does like to snuggle and be near me a good amount.  She’s not as close to my mom but will let her pet her and feed her but she hasn’t ever snuggled with her.  Would this absolutely traumatize my cat? I wouldn’t want to do that to her and would rather just find something else to do over the summer.  She is my best friend and I wouldn’t want to make her hate me for leaving her.  For context I’ve only had her since last may but we bonded immediately."
1905,CatAdvice,New Apartment Has Community Cats,[removed]
1906,CatAdvice,overthinking and worried i've made a mistake,[removed]
1907,CatAdvice,PSA: Budget cat food is overpriced and upgrading might be cheaper than you think. I’m paying £4 more for &gt;400% more meat.,[removed]
1908,CatAdvice,PSA: Putting your cat on a good food might be far cheaper than you think. I’m paying £4 more for &gt;400% more meat.,[removed]
1909,CatAdvice,HELP! I need advice. New Cat moved in.,"for context if anyone needed: 

Manju (Mauhn-Jew) • Male • 18 months • Feral • had since four months old • adopted Sep. 19. 2021 (First Kitty)

Peanut is Butter • Female • 20 months • Spaded • had since 6 months old • adopted Oct. 11. 2021 (Second Kitty)
 
Fae • Female • 14 months • Spaded • had since 13 months old • adopted Oct. 14. 2022 (Our New Kitty)

Midnight • Neighbors cat who is always at our house, eats &amp; sleeps here most of her time • Female • about 8 months old • Unsure about being Spaded • Neighbor found her at 2 weeks old, been coming here since four months old • (Not ours but came in as Third Kitty) 

So our new kitty, who we had for a little more than a month, keeps being bullied terrorized by our first cat Manju. Manju is usually the most friendliest of all cats, &amp; of all the cats we thought Manju would be the first person to take to her, but he wasn’t. Everytime he sees her, he makes his shoulders big &amp; turn into a gorilla &amp; chases her down looking like he has gorilla shoulders &amp; smacks her, with claws. I’m not joking, he actually resembles a gorilla. i know it’s him showing dominance. My bestfriend says he’s getting “bigger” because she made him feel “small” when he was trying to get to know her.

in reality, i know I made a few mistakes when introducing.

1. Fae was in the house when Manju was outside laying &amp; playing around (gone) with the other cats in the backyard. so he wasn’t home when she arrived.
2. I wasn’t aware of Fae’s personality before I adopted her. now i do see that plays a big major role. (learned alot of lessons this last adoption) her personality is very scary. Like she’s extremely scared of everything. i think before the person she was adopted from. (it was an older lady who had Fae since about 7 months, so she had her for about 6 months before we adopted her, said that Fae is the only cat she was allergic to &amp; had to give her away but didn’t want to surrender her to a shelter. after she gave Fae to us, she got a new cat the following week &amp; says that she’s not allergic to this one.) Fae doesn’t really have any extremely concerning behavior issues, but she is scared of everything. When Manju is out the house, she free roams, smells everyone’s butts weirdly a lot, loves to play, loves to be pet, doesn’t really socialize a lot , very to herself most of the time, all movements &amp; noises scare her. I think before the last woman, she was somewhere where she had to fend for herself &amp; it was dangerous. I would say, most times it’s not dangerous in our house but it does get a little worrysome whenever Manju wants to attack her. This happens about 2-3 a day. 
3. When Manju met Fae, for two days he would go up to her sniff her &amp; always lay by her. Later on the second day, he was smelling her face again, she hissed at him, swatted him &amp; ever since then he’s been going gorrilla mode every single time he sees her.

Peanut Butter doesn’t really care about Fae too much, Manju hates her, Midnight plays with her a lot &amp; Fae plays back but Fae body slams her a lot &amp; Fae plays extremely hard, so I’m always confused if they are playing or it’s serious. 

All of the other cats go outside, lay in the sun, climb the trees, lay on our roofs, play in the grass, &amp; Fae watches them from the window all the time. Fae is too scared to go outside. 

I feel like is Fae wasn’t as scared &amp; more free flowing she would have gotten along well with everyone but She’s extremely scared. Now I feel like she’s found herself in an environment, that she’s not always getting attacked but it does happen. She definitely feels happier when everyone’s outside because she freeroams, She’s free roaming the house when Manju is outside, &amp; the other cats are inside.

But i’m reality, i’m just concerned &amp; dk what to do. I’ve tried to get them both to accept eachother, but Fae will just swat at him when he isn’t doing anything &amp; he’ll turn into a fucking gorilla &amp; swat her when he sees her. 

Honestly i feel like she’ll do better in a home where there’s no other cats. but i also don’t want her to just be passed around because she’s been going home to home but now in my home, she’s not fully safe whenever Manju decides he just wants to go gorilla.

I would love to find a solution to how to make them co-exist but i’m starting to feel like it’ll just be better to give her to someone who can provide a better home for her, a safer home."
1910,CatAdvice,Kitten food,"Hi there, I have a 3 months old kitten but I am struggling to find the right food for her. I looked up online and every major brand that I see has had some recalls in the recent years. How did you decide what to feed your kitten? What brands do you use?"
1911,CatAdvice,I'm scared my cat won't recognise me,"For context, one of the requirements for my university degree is to spend a few months (at least three) abroad (which is classicist gatekeeping in the first place imo, but we're not focusing on that right now). 

Anyways, I'm two and half months into my semester abroad, and will be back in the middle of December. My cat has been staying at home with my roommates the entire time, because I couldn't take him with me and also didn't want to put the stress of moving on him. My roommates have been caring for him perfectly and also send me pictures every week or so. I'm not worried at all about him not being cared for. What I *am* worried about is him just completely forgetting about me. 
He's a typical ""covid baby""; he was born during the first year of the pandemic and as a consequence I was stuck at home with him for the first few months, meaning he's very used to me being there for him *all the time*. In the past, my roommates have said that when I leave for my parents' for a weekend or so, he will scream for me for a day before finally calming down. As soon as I came back, he'd be at the front door, screaming for me and checking I'm okay before ignoring me for a day or two (out of spite? I don't know why he does that, but it always felt like a ""you ignored me and left me here for *so long*, so now I am going to ignore *you*!""). 
I am scared that he will do this again, but longer, since I've never left for such an extended period of time before. I'm also scared he will have forgotten about me entirely.

Tldr; I am spending some time abroad and am scared about my cat's reaction to me having left/coming back. How do I make sure that our relationship goes back to normal as soon as possible?"
1912,CatAdvice,Need advice on leaving cats at home with a drop in visitor for a month,"Hello people
I need some advice on how to plan for my 2 cats while I’m away on a month long trip back at my parents’ in India (jan-feb). I currently live in Ontario Canada. I have 2 cats - 2.5 and 1.5 year old male neutered. I am speaking to friends as well but in case they cant watch them i need to plan for a backup option. My brother was supposed to watch them but he may he starting a job in another city. I have a roommate too and she has been good to feed them sometimes but she goes to stay with her bf sometimes and she may not be down to look after them religiously for a month. She also works 12 hours a day on the weekends. 
If boarding them with my friends or my brother doesnt work out, my plan is to get a house visit 1 or twice a day (from Rover) to feed them and pick up their litter. They might get some human interaction n will get to stay in their home instead of being relocated. Is this too less for a month? They dont need a ton of entertainment and I’ll make my peace with it till im back. Price wise this would be expensive, 40-50 bucks a day :( i need some advice on how to proceed with this. Thank you!"
1913,CatAdvice,"Love the Cat but I'm so tired, what do I do?",How do I keep the Cat from waking me up early and get away from my room? I feel at this rate I might give the Cat away as so exhausted.
1914,CatAdvice,My cat keeps scratching at my bedroom door,"My cat has suddenly started scratching at my bedroom door at around 5am every morning. She also scratches at the carpet under the door and has began to ruin the pile. 
She isn't hungry or thirsty because her bowls are never empty. She has so many toys to play with and has access to outdoors for her bathroom needs. 

During the day she is calm and relaxed it's only in the early hours of the morning she does this. 

How can I stop her from scratching at my door and waking me up ?"
1915,CatAdvice,I'm 15 and I live 50/50 between my parent's houses. I wish I had a cat to bring in between houses but do you think it would be too stressful for the cat?," im not going to make you sit through a long sob story so ill give you the TL;DR

I had a cat that I loved more than anything and whenever I left to go to my Dad's, my mom would always do a shitty job at taking care of him so he would try and run after me and just get lost. Whenever I came back I would find him being taken care of by these 2 kids down the street and bring him home.

One day in the cold of winter  I came back to my Mom's and went down to the kid's house and he wasn't there, I haven't seen him since.

It's been a little over a year now and I've been wanting another cat, I don't want to make the same mistake again--so I thought of just taking them with me.

I live 7 days with my mom and 7 days with my dad,

I really don't want to overwhelm the cat with all the traveling but what do you guys think? Should I wait until I move out or will the cat be fine with living in 2 places?"
1916,CatAdvice,how to tell if cat is feeling better after being sick?,"my cat, bear, is currently getting over a uri, as well as bacterial overgrowth in his bowels. we went to the vet wednesday and got his check out and put on antibiotics and probiotics for both issues. he’s been eating and drinking regularly today and had the zoomies for about 15 minutes. are these signs that the medicines are working and he’s recovering?"
1917,CatAdvice,new kitten keeps eating resident cats food and goes into resident cats litter box?,"I recently adopted a 6 month old kitten, acclimated her and everything. I just introduced my resident cat (11, F) to the new kitten (F). the kitten keeps eating my resident cats food and goes into her litter box as well. what do i do? i don’t want to stress out my resident cat or my new cat. please help."
1918,CatAdvice,"Adopted Cat Pees On Plastic, Paper, Vinyl, Etc. - Tried Everything.",[removed]
1919,CatAdvice,Is it too soon to take him to the vet?,Short story. A (what my girlfriend and I believe to be) stray cat has been coming around our home for around 2 months on and off. No collar. No neighbors seem to think that he has an owner. We've left food and water for him many times and he eats and drinks very fast like he'd been starving/dehydrated. More recently it has been getting cold where we live. Today around 20F or -6c. He was at our house from when i left at 2pm until I arrived home at 10pm. We decided to try and let him in the house to warm him up and give him some more water. We would absolutely love to adopt him as our 2nd cat. He's very calm and loving once we got him into our home. We're just not sure where to go from here as we've never adopted a stray. Do we try and let him get accustomed to the home and our other cat before doing things like taking him to the vet for shots/checkup/getting him neutered.
1920,CatAdvice,"Our 8 and 6 month old strangers got along instantly after being introduced, is this not common?","Hey all. My fiance and I adopted two kittens back in June, one was 8 months old (Brown Tabby), the other (lynx point Siamese domesticated mix), 6 months. I sit here watching our two girls groom each other as inspiration for this post. 

We visited our local shelter back in June and fell in love with these two kittens. While they both came from Texas, they never actually interacted and obviously came from different litters. 

I see people here say that it takes days to weeks to introduce cats. Well...we didn't wait, and did not ease into it at all. We were going to, but just felt as if we didn't need to. 

When we brought them home into our home, we put their cages face to face for about 30 seconds. Then, we let them out of their cages. They sniffed each other, and within, without exaggeration, a minute, they were chasing, tumbling, playing and clearly having a blast and were obviously enjoying socializing. The tabby gave a quick hiss after about 10 minutes...the other kitten respected the boundary, sat for a bit, then they continued playing. They got along so well, that we felt okay leaving them alone in a room together over night! 

We woke up the next morning for work to find them cuddling. Fast forward 5 months, and nothing has changed. They love each other and are the best of friends. They still play and tumble and chase and groom. The tabby will usually give a hiss when she doesn't want to play, and the Siamese mix always respects the boundary and there's never been any hard feelings. 

As I read more about this, I see most people take weeks to introduce their cats. Maybe we weren't wise to introduce them immediately, but I've never seen two cats get along like this. 

Is this uncommon? And if so, why may they be an exception?"
1921,CatAdvice,Cat drinking pee?,[removed]
1922,CatAdvice,My cat is spraying and acting weird pls help,"My cat Siren has been spraying on everything, and I mean everything.  Pillows, blankets, dog beds, couches, etc… she does it multiple times a day. She’s fixed and there’s no new animals or no environment change, besides the weather? But she’s an indoor cat. 

Also these past couple days she’s been acting weird, she’s normally a very needy vocal cat but recently she been hiding in my moms closet and refused to come out (unless for treats). 

I picked her up and brought her to food and water and she’s eating and drinking just fine. I’m keeping her in our laundry room right now to keep her eating and to prevent her from spraying everywhere right now but this is the first time she’s acting different. My family has been struggling this year on money and we already took 2 pets to the vet this year. Has this happened to anyone else? I’m starting to get really worried."
1923,CatAdvice,Cat hates inhaler so far—is it fixable?,"Hi all,

I think I rushed into trying to give my cat his inhaler after he was recently diagnosed with asthma. I was going to try to go slow and ease him into it today, but then he had an asthma attack and my sister and I freaked out and swaddled him to give it to him after. He fought like crazy and will barely look at me now. I want to dial it back and try to train him to use the AeroKat, but is it too late now that he’s sort of scared of it and the inhaler? (He seems to really hate the taste)

Scared to do the oral pills given risk of diabetes and heart failure :( 

Any advice appreciated."
1924,CatAdvice,Is it safe to leave my 14 week old kitten in the same room with my 2.5 year old cat during the night when I sleep?,[removed]
1925,CatAdvice,How do I stop my cat from getting into fights with neighborhood cats?,[removed]
1926,CatAdvice,Older kitten refusing litter box,[removed]
1927,CatAdvice,how do i get my cat to stop stealing food?,[removed]
1928,CatAdvice,Will my hairless cat avoid going to cold places?,"I will have a dwelf cat (6mo) move in with me in a month and I'm a bit worried about it getting cold when I am not home. I currently live on one floor in my house since the rest is being renovated so I only have heating on that one floor using a fireplace. Since electricity is quite expensive I'd rather avoid turning on heating on the other floor.
 
The cold floor is blocked off except for a hallway and the entrance.
I cannot block this pathway since the cat could probably just jump over a gate and I can't block off above the stairs either because then you can't get up.

Will it avoid going to the cold floor because it's uncomfortable?  Does anyone have experience with hairless cats and this problem?"
1929,CatAdvice,Skittish Kitten,"I adopted a kitten today, he is 14 weeks old and very skittish. I have had kittens before, but never one that runs and hides this much. I’m worried about him being all alone while so young. I have a large dog that is very cat friendly, but I’m waiting to introduce them for now. The dog is upstairs and the kitten is downstairs. No chance of running into each other.

The kitten is eating, but hasn’t used the litter box yet. The person I got him from said that he is litter trained, so I just hope that he uses it when he has to go.

But I am hoping for some advice on how to interact with him. How can I make him feel safe and encourage him to be less skittish? I’m fine with being patient, but I don’t want him to be more stressed then he has to be.

Thank you"
1930,CatAdvice,Issues with (Feral?) Mom cat and her kittens,[removed]
1931,CatAdvice,PLEASE HELP,[removed]
1932,CatAdvice,cat gingivitis?,[removed]
1933,CatAdvice,swapped our cats from 1 meal a day to 2. now they're aggressive.,"Switched from half cup in the morning to quarter cup morning and quarter cup in the evening. They're now food aggressive and try to dig in the trash between meals. Did I screw up? Will they adjust or should I go back? We only did it to make them go less time between meals, which I thought would be a good thing."
1934,CatAdvice,HELLPPP Fur is surely flying,[removed]
1935,CatAdvice,apartment tenants- where is your litter box??,"My partner and I have a decent sized apartment but still pretty small. We’ve had the litter box at the bottom of one of our closets for awhile, it’s a decent space, close to a fan but litter gets everywhere and there’s carpet under her mat 😩 we have a storage room but no air circulation anywhere close, would it still maybe be fine??"
1936,CatAdvice,Cat won’t stop eating another cat’s food,"Explanation: One of my cats developed a protein allergy a few years ago. So we stopped feeding her usual cat food and switched to cat food that doesn’t have the protein she’s allergic to. All went well.

Now I have another cat staying with us (long story) and his cat food has the protein my 1st cat is allergic to.

Recently I’ve been catching my 1st cat eating the 2nd cat’s food and I thought of trying to separate it by moving the non-protein food in the basement (She’s likes to hang out there a lot). Maybe that’ll work?

Nope, just recently caught her eating the allergic food again! Now I’m concerned of her developing another allergic reaction.

I do have her medication for that but have any advice or tips on how to get her to stop eating protein food and eat her own non-protein ones?"
1937,CatAdvice,timeline/tips for introducing a newly adopted cat to my apartment?,"hi! i adopted my little girl naomi 3 days ago and am wondering how i should go about introducing her to my apartment. so far she’s been in my room and has explored my room and bathroom; she’s a confident cat so she’s also explored my kitchen but i’ve stopped her from going further aside from briefly stepping into the dining room because i don’t want to overwhelm her. 

how should i space out introducing her to my place? any tips? my room is at one end of the apartment off the kitchen and it’s kind of a big apartment (well more long than big) and since the litter box is in my room, i want to make sure i don’t overwhelm her to the point where she stops using the litter box or something as well. any advice is appreciated :)"
1938,CatAdvice,Is tree flocking toxic to cats? I am looking online and see conflicting information.,I just put up my Christmas tree and there seemed to be more flocking on the ground than last year. It made me wonder if it was dangerous for my cat and I found some websites that state that it is toxic and others that state that it is okay. Does anyone know which is correct? I’m wondering if maybe I should just take it down.
1939,CatAdvice,Advice on taking in a cat not using his litter box!,"(posted also in r/cats)

Hi,

A friend of mine has a neighbor with an 8 year old male cat who has not been using his litter box for a few months and has been relieving himself on the sofa, in his cat carrier, etc. instead. He's only recently started doing so for about two months, although he's been house-trained and had been good about using the litter box until then. They took him to the vet to get him checked out health-wise--apparently he's fine, and the vet suggested that there may be an environmental factor. The neighbor is an elderly lady who has some dementia issues, so it's likely that she had been unable to properly take care of him. They've also reached out to the local cat rescue agency, but they want the cat to be chipped and fully vaccinated before taking him in. The elderly lady wasn't sure of how many vaccines the cat had received and likely does not have enough money to pay for getting him chipped, etc.

I'm considering taking in the cat to see if he can fare better in a less chaotic situation, but wanted to ask for advice on how to prepare myself in taking in a likely very stressed out cat with litter box issues (Aka, how to prepare him to get adjusted to the new stressors of moving, what things would be best to entice him to use the litter box, what materials would be best to clean cat waste, etc.). I would also be happy to hear of any other potential avenues forward for this kitty.

Any and all help would be appreciated! Just want to help this little guy out."
1940,CatAdvice,Do people brush their cats teeth?,[removed]
1941,CatAdvice,Cat peeing outside the box,[removed]
1942,CatAdvice,Re-Introducing two brothers,[removed]
1943,CatAdvice,How to get an outdoor cat to use a heated shelter,"Im trying to care for an outdoor cat, who likes to hang around my property. With temperatures getting colder and colder (already dipping into the 20s) I worry that he will freeze to death. He is very social and sweet, but I can’t bring him inside because he fights with my indoor cat. I bought him a heated cat shelter a few weeks ago, but he won’t use it. Everyday I put food inside and watch him go halfway in to eat the food, but he never goes all the way inside. The shelter has 2 entryways/exits covered with see-through flaps, and a soft heated bed. He must know how warm it is inside when he sticks half his body in to eat, yet he chooses to hang out a few feet away on the cold ground. He loves catnip, but isn’t interested in it when its inside the shelter. My next plan is to rub a blanket that smells like him all over the shelter, but at this point I’m losing hope that anything will work. Any advice is greatly appreciated."
1944,CatAdvice,Dilemma with rescue kitten,[removed]
1945,CatAdvice,Cat suddenly aggressive after year of taking care of him,"So my neighbour pays me to Cat sit. I’ve been doing this for a while and she’s home on and on off (shortest around a week and longest up to 3 months). This is the longest she’s been away since I started cat sitting him but I’ve kept the same routine, I go over and feed him, sit, play with him for around 10 mins to a hour everyday and on weekends I nearly spend the whole day with him. This cat is adorable and sweetest little cat ever. But the last couple days he has been going from nice and cuddling to aggressive scratching and biting in seconds then turns to being nice again. When I leave him and sit on the couch and he meows loudly so I go back to him and the cycle repeats. It’s never happened before and it’s been about a week since it started happening I really love this cat and I don’t know what’s happening please help."
1946,CatAdvice,Chilling Down Food Aggression,[removed]
1947,CatAdvice,"We are desperate, and at wits end because we can't sleep",[removed]
1948,CatAdvice,Most affordable and effective way to treat feline asthma?,"I have taken my cat to the vet many times for her asthma and it does not seem like the liquid prednisone she’s taking now is helping. My vet suggested a steroid inhaler but the price tag is a little high ($240) 

I am willing to pay to treat her, but I don’t see much feedback online about this inhaler and I am skeptical about continued use of steroids. She is only 3 and while I want to extend her life with asthma, I don’t want to shorten it with daily steroid use either (especially because they don’t even seem to be working) 

Side note, I initially thought this was all a food allergy as her coughing was coupled with constipation. She was eating nutro at the time. My vet switched her to Royal Canin gastrointestinal high fiber food and said to give her .25 teaspoon miralax daily. Her poops are less flat. I gave her the miralax for a few months and but discontinued, concerned about the side effects of long time use, and there has been no change in her stool or coughing since stopping. I feel like my vet could have put a bandaid on things and that a food allergy could still be an underlying issue. Sharing these details in case anyone here has been through something similar. 

Thanks for reading."
1949,CatAdvice,found a cat outside at parents house wondering what to do.,[removed]
1950,CatAdvice,1/9 cats is overweight.,"I have 9 cats. Because of my work situation, I can give my cats food on the same time everyday. So, what I did was, always leaves appropriate amount of food in the bowls, so any cat that feels hungry can eat it. I will do regular checkup if the food in the bowl is left with tiny amount or finished completely before fill it back up.

But, I realized something. 1 of my cats is becoming overweight. All the others are in healthy weight, only this 1 is overweight.

Do I separate this 1 cat from the others and give him food on a timed based? What can I do to help him lose weight?"
1951,CatAdvice,How do I refill my catgenie ai cartridge?,I bought the cat genie AI and a few days ago I refilled the cartridge. But it keeps telling me it's empty and I need a new cartridge? How do I reset it so I can use the cartridge again
1952,CatAdvice,"Family of cats outside our apartment, and temperatures are below freezing. What should we do to help?",[removed]
1953,CatAdvice,Back from collage,"I just returned from my first semester in collage. I was gone for 10 weeks, this is the longest ive been away from her. Shes acting super aloof (shes normally not the most cuddly) and im worried she doesnt recognize me. Is she mad at me?"
1954,CatAdvice,Help Cat Skin Condition,[removed]
1955,CatAdvice,"I need to travel by train or bus for 10-12 hours, anything to calm my cat?",[removed]
1956,CatAdvice,"So, I think my cat has separation anxiety","I adopted a 6-month old cat back in March, and overall she is a very well mannered. She isn’t destructive, loves people, and is best friends with our dog. They love to play and rub on each other. 

Over the past few weeks I’ve noticed that whenever I take our dog out to go potty, or leave with him in general, she will sit by the front door and howl (not her normal chattering/talking, but howl/moan as loud as she can). I’ve been doing some research online, and basically all of the info I’ve read says that a cat with separation anxiety will be a life long problem. I truly hope that’s not true, so I’m coming to Reddit for advice on how to help my cat feel more secure and confident and what steps we can take to help her. 

Now, I don’t know if this is separation anxiety. However, what leads me to believe it is, is that she only howls like that when someone she’s bonded with leaves the apartment. What’s weird, is I could be sitting on the couch with her, my boyfriend leaves with our dog, and she’ll leave her spot with me to go and howl at the door like she’s lonely even though she was just sleeping next to me on the couch!"
1957,CatAdvice,Will the cat be fine on it's own?,[removed]
1958,CatAdvice,Going on a week long trip without my cat,"I've had my cat for over a year now and she's my literal child. She's pretty clingy and spends most of the time right by my side. I'm leaving for a week-long trip tomorrow and she's going to be staying at my mom's house during that time. My mom also has two cats and a dog and my cat doesn't like other animals and usually hides if she sees or hears another animal so I'm scared she's just going to be hiding under the bed the whole time. She's going to be staying in the guest bedroom with her litter box and food with the door open so she's not trapped in there if she feels like coming out for some miraculous reason, but I honestly don't see that happening. I'm just scared because the longest I've spent away from her since I got her has been one night, and I don't know how well she's going to do a week without me. I don't want her to think I abandoned her or something. I'm probably really overthinking this, but I just want to make sure that this is an ok arrangement for her and everything will be alright."
1959,CatAdvice,Random aggressive behavior,[removed]
1960,CatAdvice,my kitty is suddenly very distant,"ive been pondering about whether or not this is an actual concern or if I'm just being super sensitive cuz im attached to the cat haha. i have an almost 7 month boy who was an absolute sweetheart from the day i brought him home. he was very clingy, he would always need to be in my vicinity or touching me somehow. if i was sitting on the floor, he would crawl into my lap; if i was laying on the couch, he would be too. he was very vocal and liked to talk/ yell. he also loved to sleep with me, as close to my chest as possible. the last three days, hes been very withdrawn and nothing like himself. very quiet &amp; independent. something to consider is that he was neutered 3-4 weeks ago. 

i know cats can get more independent the older they grow but the change in behavior seems very sudden. he's eating fine and is still the food obsessed guy he's always been. this is my first experience with having a cat and im worried about missing signs that would be obvious to others. anyways, is this change in behavior normal for a kitty that's been recently fixed or am i just being sensitive? LOL"
1961,CatAdvice,I can’t figure out which of my 3 cats is throwing up,[removed]
1962,CatAdvice,Is it bad to regret not getting a socialized cat?,"Yes, I love my kittens, even though they are unsocialized. But is it normal to feel a little disappointed when I realize I could have gotten a kitten that follows me everywhere, want to play all the time, and just genuinely trusts me? This has been annoying me a week now."
1963,CatAdvice,What’s the difference between a semi-feral cat and a unsocialized cat?,"Idk if that made sense lmao, but I wanna know what to classify my cats as."
1964,CatAdvice,Estimating age of adopted cat,[removed]
1965,CatAdvice,Should I make Cat Grass available all the time for my kitten?,"I've ordered some cat grass and should be delivered next week. Should I leave them in the open? Always available for my kitten to nibble at all times? Should I place them next to their scheduled eating times? Or do I need to hide them from time to time?

Please advise. Thank you"
1966,CatAdvice,Litter recommendations,[removed]
1967,CatAdvice,HELP - At Wit's End - Cat will not stop peeing on bed and cannot find the cause,[removed]
1968,CatAdvice,Kitten doesn’t stop meowing day and night,[removed]
1969,CatAdvice,Kitten meows day and night. Any suggestions?,[removed]
1970,CatAdvice,I feel terrible for leaving my cat with a sitter.,[removed]
1971,CatAdvice,14 y/o diabetic outdoor cat won't go in winter shelter,"Hey,
So I built a shelter for winter out of reflexive styrofoam in a plastic bin with a 6 inches opening. He fits in snuggly but won't go in. I tried putting treats and catnip inside, he still won't. Any tips to get him to use it? 

I'd really like it since he still likes to go outside even though it's freezing and there's a lot of snow. He's good for coming back in time for his insulin shots, but I still would like him to have a shelter outside so he can stay out as long as he would like (and because sometimes he runs out when were not careful, even if it's not the best time for him to be outside). 

Tips?"
1972,CatAdvice,cat has suddenly turned antisocial and i have no idea why,[removed]
1973,CatAdvice,Help getting rid of fleas,[removed]
1974,CatAdvice,How to introduce a new cat over the weekend?,"Hi all. I live alone with my cat (3 years old female, scared of everything, even shopping bags) and my girlfriend usually comes to stay the weekend. She lives alone too , and now she wants a cat. 

I've seen some videos on making a cat get used to a new cat. But my girlfriend wants to bring her soon to be new cat in here during the weekend. How would that work in the feline mind? I'm afraid this new friend coming and going routine could be bad for her in terms of stress. If she doesn't get used to the new cat, it will be a huge stress everytime he comes around. If my cat gets attached to her new friend, I think she would suffer from this situation too. I'm afraid the weekend won't be enough for the new cat to be seen as much more than an invader, the presentation process as shown in the videos is longer ...any input on this? 

For additional information, my cat is not social, I rescued her during COVID-19 times, and the only times she interacted with other cats she was really territorial."
1975,CatAdvice,How long does cat litter last?,[removed]
1976,CatAdvice,Stray cat wants to go outside on the balcony all the time,"I’ve taken in a stray cat (from my previous post), it was really cold around here so we decided to take him in. But every evening he wants to go out on the balcony and his behavior totally changes. He doesn’t want to go back in or anything. Are we doing the right thing by keeping him in? He’d probably die in the cold. Is there any reason why he is behaving that way? Please help we really want to give him a good home."
1977,CatAdvice,How to bond with my step-cat?,"My boyfriend and I moved in together at my place a few months ago and we each have our own cats for many years. His cat (my step-cat) and my cat don't get along, hissing and all that, but they don't actively fight either. His cat used to run to me when I visited him in the past and loved to cuddle with me. But now that she has changed environment she is standoffish and doesn't like to spend time with me at all, even after a few months.

I am very sad, and I wonder if this is because my step-cat thinks my other cat ""owns"" me and stays away. How can I re-bond with my step-cat, or is this a permanent situation?"
1978,CatAdvice,Veterinary Nurse Dissertation Survey,"Hello, I'm a fourth year BSc (Hons) Veterinary Nursing student. 
As part of my dissertation project I am conducting a survey on ""Cat Friendly Practice: Do Owners Recognise a Reduction in Stress?"" 
I would be very grateful if cat owners could do this for me and share it around. Thank you!

[SURVEY](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=1effm0OigEKoI2PW2mm-HMWLIewBtpNKoOJ92VrCVjBURDZMNUNPQVNCTEJDS081SkI0Q0RaRlhOQi4u&amp;fbclid=IwAR2YydyOT-sakFpE0dZZ6cDaqUeeG0IKIMIYISMpl9Goc-DkYY4ZwbIGtgs)"
1979,CatAdvice,How do I get my cats to stop eating my house plants?,My cats won’t stop eating my plants and it’s driving me nuts. I just want to have a couple nice plants that are able to live 😅
1980,CatAdvice,Introducing two cats after an almost fight - help!,"I have a 5 month old kitten named Mo that is extremely high energy and while I play with him all the time, he really needs another outlet. A few days ago, I adopted a 10 month old male cat named Vinny in hopes that I could successfully introduce them. Vinny has lived with both a dog and another cat before without big problems. 

I live in a 1 bedroom apartment and have a door shut that essentially splits the apartment in two to keep them separated. Unfortunately I need to go through the door a lot, and the kitten has been growling and hissing outside the door intermittently. The older cat snuck out behind me today and a fight almost ensued. Luckily I was able to separate them before it came to blows, but now I feel like we’re back to square one. 

Any and all advice would be really helpful! How do I help reset things between the two of them and how long might this take now? I know it could be weeks :/"
1981,CatAdvice,Should I let my cat out?,[removed]
1982,CatAdvice,Not using the litter box?,[removed]
1983,CatAdvice,Adding a third cat to the mix. Advice?,[removed]
1984,CatAdvice,Help with cat that scratches furniture,[removed]
1985,CatAdvice,Deworming question T. T,[removed]
1986,CatAdvice,Traveling with cat,"I have been going back and forth on this. I will be traveling for 3 weeks for Christmas and the New Year via a 3-hour flight. I originally planned to bring my cat with, then changed my mind and thought it would be better to get a sitter. Well, a sitter for that long is a big charge and I haven't even been able to find someone willing to watch him during the dates. I am traveling to visit my parents, who have two golden retrievers. I don't think my cat has ever been around dogs before. My plan was to keep him in my room but he would hear the dogs crying from outside the door. I am so torn on what to do. Is it better to board him somewhere near my apartment than to take him on a flight to a new place? Or keep him with me so he has some sense of normalcy? I don't want the poor guy to feel abandoned.

For context-- I got my cat at the end of August, he was very skittish (and still can be). He recently started head butting and asking to be pet which is amazing progress. I'm terrified of bringing him on a plane to a new place for only three weeks and ruining all of the progress we've made.

If anyone has some advice, how to find a sitter from Christmas week to after New Years, etc., please give some insight!!"
1987,CatAdvice,How do I get my cat to communicate more/meow?,[removed]
1988,CatAdvice,Where’s the strangest place your cat hides?,[removed]
1989,CatAdvice,why is my cat so lovey ?,[removed]
1990,CatAdvice,"Ex's cat loves me, how to separate from kitty?","TLDR: My ex's cat  loves me and is constantly crying for my attention, but my ex is moving out in a few months. I feel terrible ignoring the cat, I love the cat, but I'm worried the cat will be a terror to my ex after he moves out. How do I make this process easier?

Rambling version: My ex and I split after 7 yrs (amicable) and we have 3 cats (all fixed). 

2 (male and female) are mine from before we started dating, 1 (male) is his who we got as a kitten 2 yrs ago. His cat LOVES me. Constantly cries for me to play with him. Gets destructive if I don't. Extremely high energy boy, needs a lot of exercise and play. One of the smartest cats I've had in my life. 

Recently I stopped playing with him, and instead I tell my ex he needs to play with his cat (which he does, but usually distracted by his phone or only for 5 mins at a time, so cat comes to me after). I'm trying to ""wean"" the cat off of me so that he isn't a destructive terror when my ex moves and it's just them. 

I feel absolutely terrible though. I love this kitty and it breaks my heart to hear him crying all the time. I can't tell if I'm doing the right thing or not. Should I be separating myself from the cat, or should I just keep giving him attention as normal? I've heard horror stories about cats missing their owners and becoming destructive and I don't want that to happen."
1991,CatAdvice,Older cat sudden aversion to litterbox,[removed]
1992,CatAdvice,Kitten peeing everywhere,"Recently got an 8 week old kitten in September. Now four months, he still pees everywhere. We have two other male cats about a year old. They get along fine, groom each other and everything. We tried getting the feliway multicat to see if it was due to anxiety, but there has been no change. Sometimes he pees and poops in the litter box, other times he just pees wherever. On the bed, on the carpet, on a trash bag. We have four litter boxes. He seems to like soft things. Vet has checked him out and he is seemingly fine. Any ideas?"
1993,CatAdvice,Life with cats didn't turn out how I imagined,[removed]
1994,CatAdvice,Sheltering a cat during winter?,[removed]
1995,CatAdvice,Watery eyes,"My cats eyes have started to become watery , to the point he looks like he’s crying . Happens daily , uses to be one eye , now it’s two 

Any suggestions for solution ? Is the best advice to take to vets ? 

He doesn’t seem in pain , the watery eyes is clear and quite literally looks like tears 

That’s"
1996,CatAdvice,My one year old cat keeps biting the couch.,[removed]
1997,CatAdvice,Repelling Fleas for cat who goes outside on harness?,[removed]
1998,CatAdvice,How does a cat fair after having its teeth removed?,[removed]
1999,CatAdvice,Cat was neutered yesterday,[removed]
