,subreddit,title,selftext
0,DogAdvice,Advice on whether family member’s old school mentality is abusive or not and what to do,"My grandpa got a dog (plott hound who is currently a little over a year old), but is using fear tactics to train him. He isn’t actually trained though. Every time he sees me he gets really excited and jumps on me and all my grandpa does is yell at him to sit. The dog only really listens when my grandpa brings out “the stick”, a roll of newspaper that’s been duct taped with a wooden block at the end. I know there are people who just treat animals like this, but it just feels so wrong. I’m really conflicted because this is family. The whole situation makes me sad. I’ve tried talking to him many times, but he denies that he’s being abusive. I’ve even brought up getting a trainer and tonight’s conversation was the first time I was able to kind of convince him, but he says he doesn’t have the time or money right now. His dog does love him, and he’s otherwise being taken care of. The poor dog is lacking proper exercise and affection though. I’m too busy to help and I’m already taking care of my elderly childhood dog. When my grandpa was first thinking about getting a dog, my brother and I tried telling him to get a dog that has lower energy and has a personality that likes to lounge for most of the day. But he wanted a puppy he could “properly train” and use as a guard dog. I don’t know what to do or who to talk to. Other family members just know he’s like this, but don’t put much thought into it. 

Does anyone else know someone like this? What do/did you do? Thank you in advance."
1,DogAdvice,Taking dogs to daycare to get them used to each other. Horrible idea?,"TLDR: anxious 50lb dog is staying in a home with two little dogs. Last time she was here they did not get along well. Will taking them to daycare together for a few days help or is it a terrible idea?

I’m visiting family for the next month or so and had to bring my dog with me. She’s the only pet in our home, 50lbs, a husky/lab mix, and has a TON of anxiety. My parents have two dogs, both about 15 lbs. One is a rat terrier and the other is a chihuahua mix. 

We brought my dog here last year and it didn’t go well. They barked at each other and then my dog snapped at one of the other dogs because they kept getting in her face. Like I said, she’s anxious so she gets nervous when one of the little dogs is running around and darting in and out of her space. 

This year, we’ve been keeping them separated on different levels of the house. My parents really want them to mingle because it’s a hassle but I’m afraid to let them. 

We had the idea to take them to a doggy daycare for a few days and let them get used to each other there and then try to bring them home together. Is that a terrible idea? She’s already freaked out being here and I’m afraid it will be counterproductive for her."
2,DogAdvice,Dog hit during rehousing,"TLDR: Dog was hit by a during rehousing, but is home safely today. Any advice?

&amp;#x200B;

I was planning on adopting a new family member in the form of a male chihuahua on Saturday, but that was delayed when he was hit by a car during the exchange. We met in a public parking lot, but the poor little guy pulled off his harness and ran into the street. He was hit by a car, and the tire went over his body. 

Both his old family and myself rushed him to the nearest vet hospital, and luckily, the little guy is miraculously home two days after the accident. 

He suffered no broken bones, no fractures, no ruptures, or even road burns. The only thing that happened was he had internal bleeding that needs medicine and a week of rest. The vet said that he was very ""stoic"" and was clearly ""made of steel"", so I feel super lucky. Mind you the car was no bug or 1 seater. This was your classic Honda/Jetta type of car.

We got him to our home today, and he has his crate, food, water, blankets, and has taken his medicine to help his injuries. We have already let him meet 2 of his 4 siblings, but we didn't want to rush it because he needed rest. 

Does anybody have any advice on how to keep him (5 pd. Chihuahua) safe and comfortable for the adjustment period and from the accident without neglecting to socialize him with our other dogs (10 pd. Chihuahua, 5 pd. Chihuahua, 4 pd. Chihuahua, and 15 pd. Pekingese)?"
3,DogAdvice,Eye bulging a bit when chewing?,"Today I noticed my corgi pup’s eye looking a big wonky when working on her chew. I’ve noticed this before in my brothers lab as well, and he brushed it off and said it usually happens to his dog. This is the first time I’m noticing it from my dog so just checking-is this a normal thing?? Doesn’t seem to be hurting her but it’s pretty uncomfortable to look at lol."
4,DogAdvice,Vet cut nails today. Does anyone else's dog howl after they get their nails cut? He still acts like he's in pain but the vet said his paws and nails are just fine. But he's picking up his paw like it hurts. He's never acted like this after a cut.,
5,DogAdvice,Random anal gland leakage.,"My 1.5 year old goldendoodle randomly leaks from her anal glands. She will be casually resting, then when she gets up she has leaked fluid. Her poop is almost always solid, we try to manually express and have taken her to a vet who says she’s not backed up and they can’t see any issues. She is allergic to chicken but since changing her diet haven’t had any issues.   Any ideas? Should we go back to the vet?"
6,DogAdvice,Dog food in plastic containers,"I use a Gamma Vittle storage container for our dry dog food. I've heard it's not good to put the dry food in plastic because over time the oil can build up &amp; become rancid. I wash it between refills but I also heard invisible mold can grow and you can't remove it by washing the container (not sure that's a thing.)
How am I supposed to get this dog food bag in the container? I don't want to dump the food out, put the bag in and then refill the bag. Is there a trick I'm missing?"
7,DogAdvice,"Growth on snout, anyone can help identify this? Vet said he is not concerned. Dog is asymptomatic.",
8,DogAdvice,Urinary incontinence,"Hi all,

My 2 year old spayed golden retriever suddenly has bladder incontinence. As a puppy, she frequently had UTIs that the vet prescribed antibiotics for. Since she was spayed, she hasn’t had any infections or accidents.

This morning I brought her to the vet for her second injection of Cytopoint. The vet tech also expressed her anal glands.

It’s been about 8 hours since the visit and she is suddenly having urinary incontinence. It is a slow but steady stream of urine and she hasn’t given me any indication of needing to go out.

Everything else is fine - she’s in good spirits, went for a walk and eating/drinking fine. Should I be worried that this could be a reaction to the injection?

Thanks in advance!"
9,DogAdvice,Diagnosis and Treatment for Collapsing Trachea in Pets… how can you recognize it in dogs?,
10,DogAdvice,Dog with allergies vomiting? Looking for advice from other allergy dog parents &lt;3,"My dog keeps vomiting/regurgitating every few days. It’s always just a giant ball of that thick saliva at the back of their throat and a few shreds of grass. No food, blood, different colouring etc. he’ll stand their gagging for about 30secs looking like he’s trying to hold it in, then he’ll get it out and it’s like nothing happened. There’s also no correlation between when he vomits, it’s always randomly throughout the day, just not everyday. 

His vet doesn’t seem concerned about this but I worry that’s because his other issues out shine it. 

He is allergic to most meats and we’re currently investigating environmental allergies, he has a VERY strict diet and gets allergy medication every few days. We only feed him at night so no reflux issues. The vet said he still has some tummy issues from how severe his allergies were so he gets a few supplements to aid in his gut health recovery. 

I’m wondering if there’s anything else I can change/do to help him stop feeling so yucky? 

We’re at the vet almost every 2 weeks due to his allergy flare ups so it’s no issue to us to go again however I would like to hear from some other allergy owners if they have any suggestions."
11,DogAdvice,My new puppy is very itchy. Any idea what this rash is from?,
12,DogAdvice,Support for baby suubi,
13,DogAdvice,"My Goldendoodle’s stomach has been off for 3 days now. She’s had flare ups of diarrhoea in the past due to sensitivities/ possible colitis. (She’s usually regular and normal). I’m concerned as she’s passing blood. Have contacted the vet, awaiting response. Appetite/ behaviour regular.",
14,DogAdvice,"I am getting my dog neutered this weekend, I am really anxious about it? He doesn’t like to visit and he has sad eyes when he visit his vet, will he have severe pain after the surgery? What should i be prepared for?",
15,DogAdvice,Pooping after a vacation,"I took my dog with me on Vacation to visit family for Thanksgiving. I’ve never had any problems with her using the bathroom in the house but it’s the second day back and she’s already pissed and shitted on the floor twice since we’ve been back. We drove and we stopped whenever she would start whining so she could use the bathroom. So she wasn’t really holding it long at all and now it seems she’s just going whenever she gets the urge. 

I’m blaming this on the trip for right now but I have another one coming up where I won’t be bringing her and I’m not gonna find a sitter if she keeps shitting in the house."
16,DogAdvice,Got a new dog and my oldest one is kinda jealous,
17,DogAdvice,WARNING: Graphic Content/Showing Of Tumor. Suubi was welcome into the rescue today and she unfortunately has Leiomyosarcoma… we have a veterinarian coming out to access her tumor and see what will be the best treatment plan for her.. We need immediate assistance for for her surgery. Support suubi,
18,DogAdvice,A bump on a dog,"Would appreciate your feedback on bump on dog (or dog on bump, depending on your perspective).

https://imgur.com/gallery/WtQDZ8H

The bump is about the size of a nickel and was just red before, but he has been licking at it and it has bled here and there. It is raised and has a lump-like feel to it. We saw it about a week ago.

It isn't a skin tag, he has a few of those. He's an older dog.

Thank you 😊🐶"
19,DogAdvice,Dog terrified of Mums Cough/ Ringtone,"We’ve had our rescue dog for 5 years now (Luna, 8yo female GSD mix) She has an unknown past and was found stray.

She has no issue with loud noises dogs are usually afraid of- traffic, low planes, other dogs barking, fireworks- She won’t flinch or anything.

However, if my mum coughs in the house  Luna will run away and hide. Her ears back, wide eyed and licks her lips. 

Same story with my mums ringtone. She reacts to any ringtone but only on my mums phone. 

If they are out on a walk and my mum coughs, Luna will stick to her side like glue, and has a slow, low wagging tail for a couple moments (Along with the other body language I previously mentioned)

—

Any advice on desensitising and training her to have a neutral response would be excellent.

Also to note : 

-Despite being fairly food driven, she won’t take a treat while she’s in that state. Or, she will take a treat and immediately run off.

-I do have reflex to comfort her when she does react, telling her things like “Oh it’s okay!” and giving her pets and kisses. Which I will admit, probably isn’t helping."
20,DogAdvice,Help me check if my dog's post-neuter stitches are coming off?,"So my dog got neutered 2 days ago and I think he may have sneaked on us a bit and licked his wounds. He's always in cone / diapers but there are rare times we remove the diapers to let the wound ""breathe"". This is the time he gets to sneak a lick in.

Hope to get help in checking if his surgical wounds are opening or if they are fairly okay. I can't seem to determine.

Present pics for evaluation: https://ibb.co/yNwZ9N3 https://ibb.co/xzwKFtw https://ibb.co/1vfYnXt https://ibb.co/2kjDCJf

Post-operation pics (2 days ago): https://ibb.co/9b71ZDD https://ibb.co/m9N8G8R https://ibb.co/0CLjnVc https://ibb.co/K6L4GXn

Thank you!"
21,DogAdvice,"Already Been to Vet, Just Worried","My 8 year old dog started coughing about 2 weeks ago, so I made an appt for the vet last Wed. Her cough started escalating about 2 days before the vet appt, and has been almost nonstop since, except when she’s asleep. The vet detected a heart murmur and X-ray shows a possibly swollen heart. She was given a steroid shot, antibiotics, and cough suppressant meds, just in case it’s an infection. She also has some rescue lasix, which we fortunately haven’t needed to give her, as her breathing is fine when she’s sleeping and not coughing. So far the other meds are ineffective, as she is still coughing constantly. We’re scheduling an echo this week for a larger picture. She just keeps coughing all the time, even in the middle of eating. Her eyes look so bad, she seems to be so miserable. She will eat and drink and sleep. I feel so helpless. This all just came out of nowhere. How worried should I be that she may be in heart failure? I hate waiting :(  What else can I give her for comfort?"
22,DogAdvice,My Great Pyrenees Won’t Eat (Very Picky?),"Hey guys, so I recently rescued an 18 month Great Pyrenees and she seems to be a picky eater. I have two different brands of large dog food, “Wellness” and “Instinct”. She doesn’t really care much for either, I also tried canned food and she seems to very much prefer that if anything I guess. 
I do the routine where I place the bowl down at certain times of the day to help give her structure to her day/routine but she barely eats? I mix it up sometimes, I wet the dry food with good organic bone broth, sometimes mix in a bit of the canned stuff as a topper but she’s still not really eating—I even try to give her veggies too but she’s not into it 😂 (and don’t worry I do my research on what dogs can and cannot it) It’s not like she’s not hungry, because she’s always right by me or the family’s side when we are eating waiting for some scrappies. 
Any suggestions? Anybody here have a larger dog, what do you guys feed them. I just need help 😭😭"
23,DogAdvice,My pocket bully is scared to walk far,"Good day! First time dog owner here and I have a pocket bully who’s 7 months old and until now, every time we walk him outside our house, he’s never moved further past our street and it’s kind of frustrating because it would be nice to walk him to the nearest park instead of always driving him there. I’ve tried a slip leash but I always end up pulling him away with force, which i feel like is hurting him and i feel bad lol. He also likes going near cats which I always have to pull him away from. Should I try on a prong collar? Any other advices will be welcomed too. Have a great day everyone &lt;3"
24,DogAdvice,My dog is in pain and I'm not sure what I can do for him,"His stomach seems kinda bloated compared to usual, and he's been yelping when I touch his sides. I've gone to the vet already and they gave me this statement following an X-Ray.

""The liver and spleen are within normal limits. The kidneys are unremarkable. What can be seen of the urinary bladder and sublumbar region are within normal limits. The stomach is unremarkable. The small intestines are a normal width. The colon and cecum are within normal limits. There is disc space narrowing at T12=T13.
Assessment:
The abdominal study is within normal limits.

There is possible intervertebral disc disease""

He walks, plays, and eats normally but he yelps out if I touch him in the wrong spot, and hes been spending a lot of time hiding away from me. The vet called back today and suggested an MRI and a CT scan, but I'm not sure if I can afford one of them, muchless both of them right now. And then on top of that the cost of surgery.

What are my options if any right now?"
25,DogAdvice,Dog gate recommendations?,"I’m looking to get a dog gate for my door, but I’m needing one that is easily removed as I don’t want it to be up all the time or all day. My roommate is bringing 2 new cats into our home and when we first introduced our own cat to our doggo it was kind of a mess (he just wants to chase and play with them) but I’m trying to get a gate so he can be sort of close to them while we get them all used to each other and I will be trying to work on his training. He is an 80lb dog, so if anyone has any recommendations on dog gates that are easily removed I would appreciate it! Also if anyone has advice on helping get these animals used to each other that would be great too:)"
26,DogAdvice,"Tail rash, any advice?","Bit of background 😂
3 year old miniature golden doodle.
Rash is on her upper tail
The rash has small blackheads in her pores. 
It doesn't bother her at all. She isnt itching or biting at it. 

I took her to the vets and they gave her a fea n parasite tablet 5/6 weeks ago. Nothing changed. Then they did tests for infection and fungal. Both negative. 

ATM they are stumped and don't know what it is. Thought I would get a Reddit opinion before I go to another vets."
27,DogAdvice,Why does this keep happening,"Please help my buddy
He’s between 4-5. When I rescued him he stayed at the shelter for an extra couple days so the swelling can go down in his testicles as they well very enlarged and swelled which they said is common post surgery especially for bigger energetic dogs. 
Flash forward now about a week after I got him they deflated and looked like an empty potato sack until last night. I took him to a park and let him run crazy off leash in the morning then looked a few hours later and they’re swelled like crazy again. This time the incision area looks terrible

I called out of work this morning to look after him until I can call the shelter and/or vet right at 8. 
Anyone else have a male dog this old be fixed and have this issue? I thought him resting would make it go back down? Please help me I’m really freaked for him."
28,DogAdvice,Any ideas of what this could be? Taking him to the vet this week,
29,DogAdvice,What breed/mix puppy should I get for an ESA?,"I'm looking to rescue a puppy to be an emotional support animal with traits mostly like the following.  


* Average or less barking
* Trainable/eager to learn
* People friendly demeanor
* Mediumish coat ( I think its cuter to have some fluff )  


This leads me to think that I want to adopt some kind of retriever (golden, flat coated, lab, etc) but I have also been considering German Shepard Dogs (GSD) since they fit all the criteria that are important to me except maybe the first. They are also much easier to find than than very popular retrievers like goldens.

**Am I wrong to consider GSDs? Should I stick with retrievers**? **Should I look for other breeds entirely?**

I hear many people say they are prone to being very vocal like other shepards and collies. I know there is variance from dog to dog but breeds can give you hints about what your pet might be disposed to do. I'm getting this dog to help with some serious anxiety issues I have and I know a big barker would drive me up the wall.

Also I am prepared for the exercise/training that those kinds of dogs would entail."
30,DogAdvice,My dogs keep peeing on the furniture or on their bed on the floor. We take them out frequently and whenever they have to go. Any advice on what to do about this?,"This has been happening at least once a week for months now. It has always happened on occasion, but has become more frequent recently. For additional context, I have two small female dogs, an 8 1/2 year old who is 10 lbs and a 14 year old who is 20 lbs. Even if nobody is around to let them out, they have 24 hour access to a patch of synthetic grass from a company my dad used to work for. The younger one seems to understand that she is supposed to pee there but the older one rarely does. We do not know which one has been peeing, if it’s always the same one, or different every time. My dad sleeps on the couch in the living room so this has become a huge problem for him. Thoughts?"
31,DogAdvice,Need medical advice,"

First Reddit post.
My 5 years old corgi “Bear” non-stop wants to play catch ALWAYS and loves going upstair to cuddle and sleeps in my bedroom. However, today Bear barely play catch today. Which is very very odd. When it’s time for bed, he usually bolt upstair to the room. But, I had to beg him to come up. I been physically examine his body and his left hind leg having issue. Touching is hind leg cause no pain. But rolling him to that side, he yelped. When he cuddle next to me, I can feel that leg shake. Now, he been sitting tilted with that hind left leg tucked underneath on the floor. These are all unusual  behavior of him. He slightly overweight( will fix that ASAP), no loss in appetite and no limping.  Will call the vet tomorrow morning. There similar issues about this on Reddit but they are 5+ years ago. Need some advice to keep my mind at ease. Thank you."
32,DogAdvice,Dog aggressive to new puppy,"So my family got a new puppy for some background context that’ll make all you dog owners probably face palm (this was not my decision to get a new dog) We own 2 cats and 1 dog the 2 cats don’t fuck with the puppy who’s name is Luna they might hiss if she tries playing with them but never attack her just basically telling Luna to go away. Now the other dog we have is Ivy. I was really young when we got her and you can tell this dog was unfortunately not raised good she puts her ears back and thinks your gonna hit her when you pet her and overall is very skittish of other people except me and my family. We used to have another dog Quincy and quite often the two would get into fights and eventually after one fight Quincy was hurt bad so bad we sadly had to put him down. I don’t blame Ivy she could’ve been raised a lot better where she wouldn’t be aggressive and any sane dog owner would not get a new dog after knowing the dog they have now got the previous dog killed. Just 2 days into having Luna, Ivy thought she was gonna take her bone and attacked her luckily I was right there and broke it up but Luna has a tiny tiny little mark from where Ivy literally had her jaws around her head. I told my mom this and i’m trying to get it through to her that Luna is a American terrier pit bull mixed with a bull (or atleast I think i’m not a dog person really so I don’t know breeds) So having this young puppy grow up where a dog is attacking her will have her grow up and be aggressive back to other dogs and even Ivy. She’s gonna be a big dog and I really don’t wanna see two big ass dogs go at it because it will most likely end very very bad. So now I really don’t know what to do it’s unfair to get rid of Ivy and it’s a little risky to try and raise Luna in this type of environment. so far i’ve kinda been the one to step up and train Luna to be a good dog as-well as giving Ivy attention and trying to get the two to bond it’s stressful I will say especially cause i can’t be around the two 24/7 and my mom thinks it’s perfectly fine to leave the two dogs in the house alone without putting Luna in a room to keep away from Ivy. I think after I get paid ill buy a crate to put her in for the time being till she’s older because when no one’s home and if Ivy attacks no one can break up that fight and Luna will grow up to view Ivy as dangerous and eventually start fighting back and a pitbull going up against a husky is not something I want to happen man. So overall any advice is really needed, is there a way I can retrain Ivy to be more confident and not skittish? and even have her be less aggressive to the puppy. Thank you."
33,DogAdvice,How to get my german shepherd puppy to respect my cat's boundaries?,"Pretty self-explanatory title. I have a 9 mo old GSD and a 2.5 yr old bengal cross cat. My pup is obsessed with my cat. Not in like a stalking prey-drive way, but like an idolizing way. He adores her. Steals slippers and brings them to her as a gift lol. 

Now, my cat is a covid-cat and prior to getting my dog was an only fur-child. She's very possessive of me to say the least. There have been these instances that show my cat truly *loves* my dog, but she certainly doesn't *like* him. He is everything she hates – loud, smelly, hyper, and too close to me. 

My cat has grown more tolerant and lets him come near her but sometimes he gets too carried away poking her with his nose or jumping up towards where she is so she will hiss or growl. He gets more excited and keeps going so she'll start smacking him but he just doesn't leave her alone. The other day she managed to scratch his eye. He's ok but he very much has not learned anything. 

&amp;#x200B;

Some important points to add here: 

\- They are never left alone. If I or my roommate have to leave, my dog is in his crate. I don't suspect anything would happen but I don't want to find out

\- My dog's body language has never been threatening. It's playful and light and seems like he genuinely just wants to play

\- My cat doesn't instigate anything, she just is defensive. She'll be fine once he learns her boundaries (growling, hissing, hitting)"
34,DogAdvice,is this just her belly button? never seen one before!,
35,DogAdvice,What could this be,"I’ve been to the vet for it before but got no clear answer. They are scabs but also dark spots. So, thoughts?"
36,DogAdvice,Dog had spot on mouth,[removed]
37,DogAdvice,Dog won’t stop licking his paw! Is this normal dog behavior or is there something to be worried about? He doesn’t seem to be uncomfortable or in pain at all but it’s a new behavior.,
38,DogAdvice,11 Important Topics to Discuss Before Getting a Dog,[removed]
39,DogAdvice,What is this on my dog appeared today. Vet on weds,
40,DogAdvice,Are they both playing?,
41,DogAdvice,Difficult decision,"My dog is 13 years old and has had a whole host of issues this past year. He has a grade 6 heart murmur. He has had a series of seizures and strokes over the last 9 months. He usually recovers within a day but the last one hit him hard and took over 2 weeks for him to get back to normal. 

We have him on seizure and heart medication but we have a new issue. Apparently he has dementia or sun downing. He barks none stop ALL NIGHT. From 5PM-1AM he will bark. We both barely get any sleep and of course it’s upsetting to see him “distressed”?

I’m at a point where I feel like I should put him to sleep but it seems crazy because he’s otherwise fine. He knows who I am, how to get around the house, where his food and water is etc… but it’s like he’s confused between day and night. 

Honestly the thought alone makes me incredibly sad. I just feel like in some way he’s miserable. I just feel completely helpless and very fucking sad. I don’t know what else to do?"
42,DogAdvice,Could anyone help me identify what this spot is on my dog’s belly?,
43,DogAdvice,My pitbull just had puppies how long before they are ready to go to there homes,
44,DogAdvice,My sisters Pitbull just had puppy’s how long should we keep them before they can go to homes,
45,DogAdvice,On/Off Clinginess with dog?,"My dog is a 4 year old medium, mixed-breed. For the past two days, he seems to be experiencing bouts of what seems like anxiety. He will follow everyone in the house, under their legs, sit with them, in general, be stuck to them. This is out of the ordinary for him, he’s ( for the most part) an independent boi. 

He’s eating, going on walks, going to the bathroom normally, and seems to bounce back to himself randomly throughout the day (this can last a few minutes to a few hours). I’m not sure what’s going on, and I don’t know if I’m just overthinking things."
46,DogAdvice,Dog is scared of my dad for 2 years.,We bought a dog from a shelter and he never stopped being afraid of men and some women including my dad. He will let my dad pet him in certain circumstances but cant eat if my dads in the kitchen etc. What can we do to have him stop fearing my dad.
47,DogAdvice,Looking for best quality covered dog bed,"I am wondering if anyone has suggestions for good best quality covered dog beds out there. My dog loves to burrow and her old bed is needing an upgrade. Looking for any suggestions.

Bonus if it is memory foam and if it can be shipped to Canada. Thanks in advance!"
48,DogAdvice,Help and advice on TICKS,"So I have a 10 year old dog that I’ve had since she’s been a puppy. She’s never had fleas or ticks but last month after taking her to the park she did pick up a tick. Being that this is my first time dealing with a pet with ticks it freaked me out. Took her to the vet to have it removed etc 

After being lucky for 10 years the vet said that we should do a topical preventative for her. Not something I want my poor baby to go through again. 

I typically give her a bath after being out in the woods and park and check to see if I see anything now.

After doing the first topical treatment says to put it in three or four spots on her fur. 

She’s a small dog a little bit under 10 lbs. I purchased the  k9 advantix ii small dog there still seems to be some in a tube??? 

If she has ticks on her will they die and fall off??? Should I just discard the tube that’s been open and used"
49,DogAdvice,"This is stuck to my dog, should i pull it i don't know what it is?",
50,DogAdvice,My dog refuses to play by herself and knows how to .she just refuses,"So whats the deal with that?!?! I have every type of toy from balls to chewables to dog puzzles to WHATEVER!!!  i put treats in the toys, i play with her for at least 30 min to give her the want to play and slowly pass the ball off to her. SHE STOPS EVERYTHING AND LOOKS AT ME LIKE A BALL SLAVE, i know i need to play with her and i do but she just stops when she realises im not going to keep going anf gets heself worked up. SHE REFUSES TO DO ANYTHING WHILE IM NOT HOME, REFUSES!!!!!@!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. she would rather wait 9 hours (i get off before my girlfriend most of the time) and ill get nothing ill play with a  ball, frisbe, tug of rope, PLUSH TOYS O ALL THOSE THINGS AND THEN SOME. WHAT DOES SHE DO FOR THE 2 TO 4 HRS IM HOME. NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ive tried engage her for like hour and she coupdnt care.She will only play and do anything at all is when my girlfiend gets home at 8ish. BUT WAIT ITS 10 PM ? SHE WILL JUMP AND TOSS HER BALL OR TOY LIKE SHES OUTSIDE?????? SHE WILL JUMP AND TOSS THAT TOY ANF RUN AROUND THE APT LIKE A DOG PARK AFTER 10. HOW MANY TIMES HAVE I PLAYED WITH THIS DOG AFTER 9 NONE, NONE AT ALLL. LITERALLY NOT ONCE HAVE I DONE ANYTHING PAST 9 PM. whats the problem???  I know some dogs will not play by themselves. But this i think is NOT one of those dogs. Ill try to play with her before work, ill put the same toys in her kennel to get her to think thier hers, NOTHING!!!!!! anything i can do that im not doing, forgetting or just ignorant of??? Beacuse this is dumb and i feel like im going crazy"
51,DogAdvice,9 week old puppy waking up from sleep itching,"Hello, I have a 9 week old puppy (his first night with me tonight) he's a pomerian boy.

I've been watching him for the past few hours whilst he's been sleeping and he keeps waking up every few minutes to scratch, and then changing positions sometimes getting completely up to lay somewhere else.. it seems like the scratching is keeping him awake and that changing positions a lot will hopefully help, but it doesn't 

I'm worried puppy won't be able to get a good sleep? Should I be concerned or is this normal? Thanks"
52,DogAdvice,Is this a skin tag on my dogs chin?,
53,DogAdvice,why does my shiba inu hide under our bed most of the day?,"When i'm home by myself and when my gf is home with me, the dog sometimes goes under there too. He's not scared and just wants to be there. Is it a shiba thing? I guess he feels safe there."
54,DogAdvice,dog freely roaming the park,"Just curious what you guys would have done. Nothing bad happen juste a little stressful experience. 

 I was arriving at an open parks where dog are allowed on leash.  An unleashed dog arrived to great my dog their owners 100/200 meters behind. I trust my dog recall a good amount and I know you don't mix leashed and unleashed dog so I let go of the leash. Other dogs arrive all seems good but after small greetings other dogs start growling at my dog... I start to get away my dog follow me and other dog follow my dog...  After maybe 300 meter and some growling other dogs lose interest and leave. I leash my dog and no harm happen. 

What would you guys have done. What if it was two months ago when she didn't have good recall. What if other dogs start escalating."
55,DogAdvice,Trying to get advice prior to foster dog arriving: how to stop marking and humping,"As the title suggests, I am looking to get all my ducks in a row before he comes next month.

My brother informs me the dog cannot have a bed in his crate because he humps, supposedly he marks, and he poos when he's excited??


I think for humping (he says it's dominance but hasn't that been debunked?) getting him more exercise should help right? Right now he gets maybe, and I do mean maybe, a 5 minute walk everyday or every other day.

Marking- he is intact but he is also 8?(we think) I will be speaking to my vet about neutering and if it's safe for his age but what enzyme cleaner would be best to help with marking and to prevent it?

Excited poo- I don't even know where to begin. I was told even if he was outside and pooped, he still does it when he's excited?

I am doing an embark test on him because I feel knowing his breeds might help. Brother states he's a chi/Yorkie but I see a chi/Jack Russel."
56,DogAdvice,Dog literally eats the floor,"7 mo GSD, i know some dogs are more chew-wired than others and i know that puppies are tough, but he is literally eating the floor. I take him on two good walks a day and we play in between. At the moment he's low on toys as he's chewed through all but two, but those are still available to him. I also give him a chew stick for short periods of time.   


That being said, whenever there's nothing in his mouth, there's a good chance he'll look for something. He's torn holes in 3 of my blankets, chewed pieces of the wall, destroyed some wooden furniture that was in his room, and as you know, he is eating the floor. What am I supposed to do? I can't possibly entertain him 24/7."
57,DogAdvice,Giving the gift of dog…,"One of My oldest friends wife and kids want a dog. He said no. If I draw him for secret Santa, I’ve gotten his wife’s permission to gift a puppy. These are kind, sweet responsible financially able people. That the entire family is on board is the only reason I would consider this. Wife assured me my open invitation to their home would remain in place no matter what husband says. What’s best way to do this?

It’s important I get something that fits their lifestyle. Do I solicit the kids input (8 and 4)? Just ask wife to do it and send me an invoice?  Tell them to visit a particular rescue and tell the rescue to bill me for all costs?"
58,DogAdvice,Introducing new puppy help,"I bought a new puppy today and introduced him to my older dog (1 year old) and he was so happy and playful the thing is my new puppy was terrified and screaming as soon as he saw my other dog, any advice please on what i can do to get my new puppy to trust my other dog and not be scared of him? Thanks in advance"
59,DogAdvice,Dog Walks- We have 3,"Hi! I was wondering if there’s any advice that could be provided for my spouse and I. We have three dogs that we love dearly but due to our work schedules it can be difficult to walk all three together.

Our dogs are 11, 9 and 2. Our two year old very much has attachment anxieties when she’s felt left out.  She’s a COVID puppy and we’ve been working still on the pack dynamics.

The other thing is our 11 year old can easily walk more than the other two.  His energy requires longer walks than the other two.  Our nine year old has a little bit of arthritis and we’re working to reduce her weight a bit.  But we’re not comfortable pushing her beyond 1.5 miles even though she loves it.

If there’s more information needed I can certainly add it.  Any thoughts on how to manage this would be appreciated!  

If it helps I’m usually up earlier. The two year old and 11 year old get up with me, I let them out for potty break and usually feed them first."
60,DogAdvice,Urgent🚨 help needed for this dog 🐕,
61,DogAdvice,"Strange puppy behavior, she smelled me and then humped the air???","Hey! So obligatory info about my dog, she’s a 5 month old golden retreiver.

As I was getting ready for a bath she proceeded to sniff my crotch and butt multiple times and then hump the air after each try. As well as humping the air as I stepped into the bath. 

Is there any particular reason for this behavior? 

Currently she’s just sorta staring at me and wandering the bathroom, occasionally making a whimper."
62,DogAdvice,Hartz brand?,"I’ve heard some scary things about Hartz dog products, like causing death in dogs. I just realized the chews called “oinkies” I’ve been giving my dog are Hartz brand. I’ve given these to my dog before and she’s been fine but after seeing that brand now I’m nervous to give her any more. Do any of you have experience with Hartz? Are their chews safe? Everything I’m finding online about the chews seem alright but I’ve heard stories about their other products."
63,DogAdvice,ISO DOG TOY,Hi everyone! I bought my dog a hedgehog with a low squeak. She tore the face off same-day LOL but the squeaker is still good. I’ve been searching for a toy to put the squeaker in and can’t seem to find one. Any recs? Photo of squeaker with my hand for size reference.
64,DogAdvice,Should I let my dog on the couch?,"We adopted a black lab mix about a month ago. We highly suspect that he has some Boxer and Pitty mixed in there and generally, he’s pretty great.  The only thing is that he has started to become mouthy and we think he does that when he wants attention. This whole month he has not been allowed on the couch despite desperate and basically constant attempts. This mouthing comes immediately after he asks to be on the couch and is told “off” multiple times. Should we just give in and let him on the couch?

We’ve both caved twice each and while he’s on the couch he just snuggles for 20 minutes and then returns to his own bed. At this point it’s exhausting constantly monitoring him and the only way he will stay off long term is if we yell which we hate. If we crate him (about 20 minutes) we only get a 2-5 minute break and then he’s back to wanting on the couch and mouthing when he doesn’t get his way.

So please help! Should we give in? Stay strong? What has been your experience?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/z66rhs)"
65,DogAdvice,4yr old afraid of stairs,"Hey! Recently became dog parent of a beautiful retired racing greyhound, he is a delight all around. Unfortunately, he is afraid of the stairs.
He was in a foster home before coming home with us and they said they've worked on stairs with him but I'm having a difficult time believing that. 
He's not really treat motivated, we've tried multiple different treats but still nothing. The only thing that's ""worked"" is physically picking his legs up and placing them on each step. We've done this every day since we got him (maybe a week and 1/2) and he still doesn't seem to understand how to go about the stairs on his own. 
He will go down the stairs on his own though. 

Does anyone have any advice or pointers on how to help our lil guy up the stairs?
 
(Yes, we do try to let him figure it out while we have him on the stairs but he just freezes and shakes..he is very nervous.)"
66,DogAdvice,Urinary incontinence in 8m spayed pup,"Hi all, 

I adopted my puppy from a shelter at 6 months old- she was already spayed when we adopted her. Since day 1 we noticed that she was having frequent pee accidents in the house. I suspected a UTI and it turned out to be the case (even though the vet was skeptical, I was adamant that it wasn’t just behavioral). The uti was still there after a week of antibiotics. The vet then suggested to do a month long course of antibiotics, which we are now coming to the end of. 

Now and a few times previously I have noticed that my pup sometimes leaks urine when she’s sleeping.

I am taking her back for a follow up with the vet this week, but she has had a radiograph in the last month to rule out stones. 

I’m wondering if anyone out there has had a similar experience with a pup that was spayed very young? Is it poor muscle tone?

Or has anyone experienced incontinence in dogs who receive calming treats with hemp seed powder? (She takes two of the Zesty paws calming bites daily as recommended by the brand for her weight) I’m considering taking this out of her regiment as an experiment to see if there are any improvements until we actually see the vet. 

Any insight appreciated!"
67,DogAdvice,Urinary incontinence in 8 month old spayed pup,[deleted]
68,DogAdvice,What could be causing my dogs poop to look like this.,
69,DogAdvice,"If I adopt a puppy, would he cause loud noises in our building?",I live alone and been considering researching adopting a puppy. If I get him young enough would I be able to train him not to bark in our building? As we can’t have constant barking here or else I could get in trouble. If so would it be fairly easy?
70,DogAdvice,"How to get my dog to stop doing ""that"" to my leg? It's a female shih tzu...","I am getting a bit annoyed now... It's been almost a week already. Lately, my dog now considers me as her favorite in the family and would get excited, follow me everytime I walk around the house and start jumping on my leg and do something strange.

I understand humping for both male and female dogs are to show that they are happy, loving or reducing anxiety, but now it's been done more often. Tasha was never like this before. I honestly forgot how the behavior started but she is like this since 4 days ago. Tasha's nails are also very long and she refuses to have them cut, so it makes the humping even more suffering with her scratching me.

Even if I tried to move my leg to get her off, or command her to not do so, she will come back and do just that. What is another way to get her from humping me everytime I am around?"
71,DogAdvice,1 y/o male chocolate lab with chronic ear infections/red splotches on stomach and under arms,
72,DogAdvice,Fleas 🚫,"i’ve recently moved in with a few roommates, of course i brought my dog.
my roommates also have a dog but theirs has fleas and they have gotten into my dog. 
my dog usually takes advantus and he’s never has fleas until now. 
any suggestions on new flea preventative or remedies?"
73,DogAdvice,Help!!!! my dog just ate chocolate. I tried to take it from him but he became aggressive and bit me Our vet is closed.What should i do???,
74,DogAdvice,Helppp,"Help!!!!
my dog just ate chocolate.
I tried to take it from him but he became aggressive and bit me.
Our vet is closed.What should i do???"
75,DogAdvice,"Sorry if this is a dumb question, but as an immunocomp should I be careful about handling dogs that excessively drool?","A random thought hit me and I was wondering how dangerous it would be if I were to live with an excessively wet dog that drools as much as they breathe. 

I live with a Doberman as my service dog and the only time I ever see him drool is for very specific treats. 

Out of fear I never hand treats/toys/etc., over when he’s drooling a lot. I just toss it to him and then wash hands thoroughly."
76,DogAdvice,Puppy scratched eye sclera?,"I have sent an image to my vet for their opinion on the matter (image attached to this post) but was wondering in the meantime if anyone has any advice or if the scratch appears particularly concerning? It may have been scratched by our cat although it could also be from rummaging in bushes etc.

It has only happened some time in the second half of yesterday, puppy is acting completely normal and have not noticed any squinting or fluid from the eye.

[https://imgur.com/a/Ey67R1p](https://imgur.com/a/Ey67R1p)"
77,DogAdvice,Is the redness normal? What could it mean,
78,DogAdvice,Are both these bag carrying positions safe for my dog's spine?,
79,DogAdvice,Isolation Stress - Part Two,"My last post was really a typical post about separation anxiety or isolation stress, and the automod posted some useful links for advice to follow, so I'll start that asap.

This post is more about some specific advice to manage the situation as I attempt to resolve it.

Basically, the dog barks through the night, I get up, try to settle him back in his crate, which never works, so I end up letting him in the living room to sleep on the sofa. I (try to) sleep on the other sofa, so he's doubly rewarded by getting to sleep on the sofa AND have me there with him.

The alternative, that I've just thought about while I lie awake on the sofa after another night of barely any sleep, is to actually set up a camp bed in the kitchen to see if he will then sleep through the night, and allow the rest of the house (and neighbours) to actually get some sleep.

I'm just wondering what the least-worst option is right now to save the family's sanity - keep letting him in the living room to sleep when he wakes up during the night, or seeing if he'll sleep though with me on a camp bed in the kitchen with him? I'm not sure right now what the exit strategy for either of those options is!

He's probably sleeping though the night without waling up one night in four - so he can do it.

Any thoughts?!"
80,DogAdvice,what did i do wrong?,"Ps: crossplat post
Happy holidays everyone!!
I need advice. I have a 2 year old sdit. And for the last week and a half he has been acting ....
"" Differently"" he doesn't want to task.when i get him do commands he ""breaks"" it . I have used the vibration function on the Ecollar to correct him plus treats when he does it correctly. But he just keeps breaking. On top of that he seems to ""walk quickly"" away from men. He doesn't growl. Never tried to bite anyone. But he is definitely starting to act differently around men.does anyone have any advice on how i can help him feel better about the interactions?. Or opinions of the situation.he is usually fine with men."
81,DogAdvice,Is My Dog Stressed Out Around Me?,"From what I read online is that when your dog starts panting out of nowhere it usually is a sign of stress, that plus excessive licking to their privates…
I’m probably reading into this too much but everytime my baby is laying down and I join her she starts to pant, almost hyperventilating? She also licks her privates like crazy?? Apparently licking is a form of self soothing. 

I never yell or “punish” her, idk why she would be stressed out? I give her lots of hugs and kisses and treats! :(
(I’m also a new dog dad, so pls take what I say with a grain of salt)"
82,DogAdvice,My dog always breathes like this while sleeping. Is this normal? She is an american bully.,
83,DogAdvice,Doggy Allergies??,"Hi so this might be a bit jumbled because  honestly I’m freaking out a lot. 

My dog is 5yrs old and when she came inside after running around in the yard this evening I noticed her face was quickly swelling up. I gave her an antihistamine, she’s breathing/behaving normally, and is asleep right now. 

But I’m still worried to go to sleep because I don’t want her to go into shock while I’m unconscious.

I know I’m probably stressing for no reason but I’d appreciate any advice/calming words 

TL;DR - My dog’s face is swelling up and she is behaving normally and is sleeping soundly. And even though I gave her an antihistamine I’m still worried and would appreciate any kind words/advice"
84,DogAdvice,help,my chihuahua (she’s less than a year old) ate a Twix fun size milk chocolate bar. my dad doesn’t have money to pay for an emergency vet bill nor can he pay the $99 fee for the animal poison control. i don’t know what to do :(
85,DogAdvice,Prozac for this dog... What's the story / Can they go without?,"I'm ab outdoorsy kinda guy. I'm a fan of ""big dog"" behaviour. Get them in the water, hiking, jogging, and do the dog parks. Let them exercise, eat, rest, and be loved. Simple really.

Now, I'm dogsitting two little Spoodles. They have a stunning home, but they don't get much exercise I'm thinking - spoiled indoor pooches. They are different / needy like I've never seen. One is on Prozac. It's a proper pain trying to force it down its mouth (hidden in treats, it's spit out).

So. Question. I'm going to make the outdoor dogs in the next two weeks. Exercise. Other dogs. Parks. Rest, etc... I'm hoping ""activity"" will stimulate the brain / tire the out to replace the drugs.

Will the Prozac be necessary? Thoughts? Thanks in advance for any advice."
86,DogAdvice,My dog is constantly swaying/ shaking since last night. Anyone know what is it ?,
87,DogAdvice,Winter blues,"So, I have a lovely 8/9 old lab. She’s getting to that age of her senior years, but also has a good amount of energy and strict routine. The issue is that I live in S.E. Idaho, which once it snows EVERYTHING turns into an ice rink (and constantly 3-4 inches of snow). I’m so afraid of her getting hurt since she’s getting older. She usually gets two walks in the evening, but I’m terrified to walk her lately. Is there anything that you can think of that we can do to burn her energy up indoors or something obvious that I can do to help? She gets stir crazy if she doesn’t get out but I’m too afraid to walk our normal routes right now. There isn’t any indoor public areas for dogs either nearby 😵‍💫"
88,DogAdvice,My dog is constantly swaying since last night. Anyone know what is it? Or what causes this behavior?,
89,DogAdvice,Help getting dog to take liquid medicine?,"My dog ate a wooden skewer that perforated and led to a giant abscess so he has a bunch of antibiotics to take. They smell acidic like lemonade so he wants nothing to do with them. I'm really hoping someone has tricks that can help us.

He's on a bland diet because of associated GI distress so I'm really limited on what I can mix it with to get him to take it. I tried mixing it with the chicken and rice, he's refusing to eat it even though he's hungry.

My dog is a bit on the reactive/high strung side. He isn't aggressive but he will bite if I invade his space too much. He's also wary of us because he was manhandled (understandably) at the vet and he isn't feeling well. So even getting to his mouth with the syringe without him showing his teeth or snapping is a challenge.

He has an open wound where they drained the abscess so it can continue to drain so I really don't want to wrestle him and risk hurting him.

Thank you in advance."
90,DogAdvice,Advice please,"Hi I'm hoping to get some advice. My dog slipped on the floor in my apartment and now refuses to walk on it. I put yoga mats down for him to walk on which was good enough until he realized that the floor in the hallways of my apartment building have the same flooring. I can barely get him out for a pee now. He's too heavy for me to lift. How do I get him to walk on it again?
Thanks in advance!!"
91,DogAdvice,2 year old dog learning to be alone,Me and my partner split and we have a dog. I am wanting to take him with me but I’m nervous that he will be depressed as he is currently living with three other dogs and always having someone around. I work 8-10 hours a day and he would be alone at that time. How would someone go about teaching there dog to be alone if they’ve always lived with dogs and always had a person around.
92,DogAdvice,My dogs pads are pretty dry and now he has a crack on the left side. It looks like it could’ve split. My dog is uncomfortable and limping when he walks and trying to hold his leg up. Anything I can do to help him feel less irritation? I tried wrapping it but he keeps taking it off,
93,DogAdvice,Am I overstimulating my food-motivated dog to the point of urination in the house?,"Hi friends, first time rescue mum over here. I’m learning all I can about my new dog—it’s information overload on the web/YouTube so your advice and perspectives are very appreciated.

We adopted our wonderful Raya (2F) from the shelter 3 weeks ago. I’ve observed she LOVES food, nothing she won’t do for a training treat and mealtime is her favorite time. Raya loves the kibble dispensing toys, Lick Mats, Snuffle Mats, stuffed Kongs, you name it. I work from home, so I’m happy to give her these things throughout the day to keep her occupied.

But Raya is frequently peeing in the house (1-2x daily for weeks) despite being healthy and taken outside frequently and given lavish praise/treats for toileting outside. Usually a few ounces of urine in the same spots each time, and I never catch her doing it. 

Seems like whenever I take my eyes off her to focus on something else (my dish, the stove, vacuuming), she’ll stealth-pee and act like nothing happened. I don’t discipline/yell at her or anything, of course.

What’s usually happening when she pees—we’re eating, there’s people food around (I cook a lot), she’s playing with her Wobble (kibble dispensing toy), she’s got some sort of food toy like a Snuffle mat, I’ve left the room and she’s alone or with husband (who she likes but she spends far less time with), I’m vacuuming (I crate her and go slowly/avoid her area to not scare her).

Raya gets 2-3 25+ min walks + quick potty breaks daily, I’d guess she’s outside every few hours (I even set timers). But she’s quite content snoozing on the couch all day.

I’m wondering if it’s possible I’ve rushed her transition to a new home and overloaded her, especially with too much high stimulus food toy time? 

My initial approach was to build up her confidence being alone, since she’d whine/pace/be destructive whenever I’d leave the floor. Also it seemed like she spent a lot of time snoozing or following me around. So, I started giving her a lot of food toy distractions and leave, hoping she’d associate good things with being alone.

What’s going on and what could I be doing wrong? How can I stop the inappropriate peeing?

Thanks in advance, everyone."
94,DogAdvice,Neighbors complaining about my dog…,"I have lived in my current apartments for more than 3 years and have had my dog for as of today 1 year and 8 months, a maltipoo that weighs no more than 8.5 pounds. I had downstairs neighbors who were always great and our friends, never seemed to complain about a single thing and even then we would acknowledge if we were a bit loud and apologize to them when we could. There were over 3 people living in that apartment and they had a dog the same as us so my dog was always able to play around with their dog and we all got along great. Eventually though they moved and in came new neighbors and no more than a few weeks later we began to hear them hitting their roof with most likely a broom and at first we didn’t know what it was for as we all tend to stay in our rooms or on the couch, but as time went on we noticed this was happening while my dog ran around with zoomies. Eventually we got a note on our door stating they were tired of the noise and have knocked on our door many times to speak to our face about the matter, but it never said anything about the disturbance of sleep or work mind you, and they said they would hear it more in the afternoon than any other time which no one is home from 11-4 so we had a chat with them face to face and explained the noise as well as introduced our pet to them to clear it up. So we apologized and went our way but fast forward maybe not 2 days later we’re hearing the banging again after trying our best to keep our dog calm and sat, but with the endless hitting of the roof we begin to care less and less and become more annoyed with them as we are try our best to keep our dog quiet and no later than 8:30 too and it’s to be courteous but I will admit I’ve come home at maybe 12 am before and have seen then up and moving almost seems they never sleep, but nonetheless even during the day and afternoon the sound seems still too much and they are constantly complaining. We have carpet, the apartments allow pets, my dog doesn’t have overly long nails as he gets groomed regularly, and the zoomies never last past maybe 10 minutes. We’ve tried everything from speaking to them and addressing the problem which we thought would help them understand us more to keeping our dog quiet, and leaving the balcony doors open for him to sit outside (we have protective railing) and maybe play in. So after all this what more can I do? It seems like they’ll never be pleased."
95,DogAdvice,What is this on my dog’s snout!?,"Noticed this a few hours ago. Behavior is normal, eating and drinking fine. 

Gave my dog Ham earlier and thought it could be an allergic reaction. However, after doing more research I’m concerned it  could be ringworm or a bite.

My emergency vet said it sounds like a skin issue and they don’t have many treatment options for that and recommended primary vet. They are closed until Monday and it’s hard to get appointments.

Any ideas on what it could be? Thanks!"
96,DogAdvice,"Dog only eats bologna, turkey, and hot dogs. This can’t be good for them right?","I’m dog sitting the cutest lil shih tzu. He’s blind, so they definitely spoil him to make up for it. He’s 12 &amp; lives a very very happy life and sleeps a lot. 

But he barely eats, i’ve been with him for a week and haven’t had to fill up his dry food bowl once, he doesn’t touch it. It stays out all day for him to eat as he pleases. He’s given a good amount of turkey slices for breakfast hand fed, (just store bought deli sandwich meat), then he gets turkey or bologna as a treat every time he goes out. Then for dinner, after his walk they heat up a hot dog in the microwave and cut it up and put it in his dry food, but he just picks the hot dog pieces out then stops eating.

For years they actually only fed him bologna and didn’t even buy dry food. This bothers me so much because there is soooo much salt in bologna. Their argument is that “he’s blind so he deserves a treat” and “it’s the only thing he eats” and “he’s old so it doesn’t matter anyways”. 

Are they hurting him? Is this okay? He seems content and happy, I just worry it’s too much processed meat and salt."
97,DogAdvice,I can't tell if my dream to own a dog is stupid or not,"I can't tell if I'm not being supported enough or if I'm just being stupid

Since I was really young, I've always wanted a papillon dog (tiny dog with pretty ears for those who don't know).  Even when I was a child and didn't know the breed I would draw that exact dog on my school work constantly.


A few months ago I got a dog, a german shepherd puppy, which caused me to have a panic attack since she was so big and clumsy and I worried she would hurt my cat. With a heavy heart, I had to give her away. I was convinced to consider a other cat instead, but deep down I knew I didn't want another cat. I want to take care of a dog. My sister can do it, why can't I?


The problem now is my mother. She's really upsetting me telling me I can't handle a dog when she knows the reason I freaked out. An adult, small, calm temperament dog fixes the problem, and she recommended the solution in the first place. But now she's saying I can't do it and it's breaking my heart. My cat would love some company, he's fine around dogs and loves when other cats come to the window (they don't like him as much as he likes them though).


Am I going mad? Am I really not able to handle a dog? Just thinking about giving up on my dream of owning one has me in tears. Help?"
98,DogAdvice,2 yo dog is constantly seeking an escape,"We adopted our pup around two years ago when she was approximately 3 months old. One of her littermates had a DNA test done and they are true mutts, but their closest breed matches were Australian Cattle Dog &amp; Boxer. In most aspects, she is a fantastic dog. Loyal, smart, energetic, sweet, and a great big sister to our 5 month old shepherd. 

However, whenever she is let outside she seeks an escape, no matter where or how much space she’s given. We live in the city but have a reasonably-sized fenced in yard. She is CONSTANTLY searching for or creating holes in the fence trying to escape. When she’s at the dog park, which is a massive space of land, she is sniffing the perimeter searching for a way to leave. When we visit my mom, who lives on an acre+ of fenced in land and has other dogs for her to play with, she STILL seeks a way to leave.

When we picked her up for adoption, she was flagged by the agency as a flight risk, which we took to mean she would flee when panicked or scared. We were gentle in our care and have done all we know how to do to make her comfortable. We do not believe she is fleeing from fear, just maybe curiosity and boredom.

She does not lack in enrichment and exercise. She goes for long walks, runs around like crazy in our yard, visits the dog park almost every day, and plays with our other dog 24/7. She eats well, sleeps well, etc.

Has anyone dealt with this before? We would love any insight and advice. We of course take all precautions to keep her safe, especially in the city, and we don’t leave her out for long stretches, and never alone. But it feels like every time we let our guard down she finds a way to get out. Thank you in advance!"
99,DogAdvice,Does anyone in this subreddit have pet insurance on their animals?,"If you do, is it worth it? Do they truly cover a good amount of any costs of emergencies?

I had adopted a puppy a year ago who sadly passed away from the Parvo virus shortly after adoption.

(His around the clock treatment and monitoring at the animal hospital cost me more about 6,000 and some change)

I want to adopt again eventually within the next year or so, but this time around I want pet insurance right out the gate.
My mother however mentioned to me how she knew someone who had a dog that needed hip surgery and they had their dog insured and apparently it didn’t help much so now I’m looking to hear what other peoples opinions are who have it and used it."
100,DogAdvice,My Shiba inu is overweight and im trying to find a diet that works for him,"I have a male , shiba inu age 5, who is incredibly lazy and even though I try to get him exercise and bring him for walks, he hates every minute of it. He fights me after a block and tries to pull back every minute after that. For the most part he just wants to hang out, sleep and lay in the sun, which im okay with, but im worried about his weight. 

Hes gaining weight and I decided to pick up an autofeeder to try to cut down and view how much food hes eating. Im using the [wopet smart feeder shown here](https://www.amazon.com/WOPET-Automatic-Dispenser-Distribution-Recorder/dp/B089GG57QL?ref_=ast_sto_dp) but having trouble finding out how much or how often I should dispense food to put him on a diet. 

Does anyone have any recommendations of resources, or how much and how often I should be feeding him? The unit of measurement on the app is in portions which are roughly 5g of food I believe. Any help would be greatly appreciated."
101,DogAdvice,Advice on bathroom training a bit older dog,So my family got a dog from our neighbor they no longer could keep. She’s around 4 or 5 years old but she grew up learning on pee pads. We now are trying to train her outside and she will go outside but the pee pad instincts are still there so she will pee on any mats in the house. What’s odd though is if we leave the house for 8 hours she won’t do anything to the mats but if we go to the basement without her then she’s likely to pee on them. Does anyone have experience snapping a pee pad habit from a dog?
102,DogAdvice,Any help/advice for my dying dog ?,"He is 15years old pomeranian and since last week he stopped walking. I took him to the hospital multiple times and found out his kidney is failing, and has stones in his bladder. His creatin level was 8. The doctor said there's not much they can do, except transfusion but he is too old to do any such treatments.        
Since yesterday he's unable to pass urine, and barely walks. most of the time simply stands there motionless. Today I took him to the pet hospital and they took the urine there at the hospital. Today he's crying again and I am going to take him to the hospital again to do the same.  I know age is a big factor, but is there any tips to improve his health ? He's everything to me and I can't sleep at all. :/"
103,DogAdvice,Why won't my dog stop growling at my other dogs?,"Dog A won't stop growling at my other 3 dogs and it's honestly annoying now. If one of the three even slightly approach me or her she'll start growling. It's pretty rare to when she'll not growl. My family keeps on saying she's trying to ""mark her territory"" and whatever. But I'm worried it's beyond that since she does it EVERYDAY and will not stop. All 4 of my dogs understand ""Stop"" and ""No"". This dog will listen to literally anything else if I have to tell her No or to Stop. But on this one issue she refuses to listen. It's now annoying as I can barely attend to my other dogs while she's following me because she'll usually growl.
Any idea on why she keeps on doing this? 
And Any idea on maybe how to train her Not to do it since my normal thing ain't working. 

Some things that you might need to know maybe not idk
She's female
Beagle-Terrior Mix
Around Small to Medium Size.
She'll never bite but only growl.
My other dogs are also female
My other dogs, 2 are big and 1 is about medium.
She's 5 years old my other dogs are 9, 9, and 3 years old."
104,DogAdvice,Can anybody help me?,"I have a 2 year old austrailan labradoodle that we got from a breeder, I was the one that asked for him and so did my brother but mainly me. From 6 months he has ALWAYS swallowed socks, underwar, scrunchies ect, we have  gon so far to put up extra tall baby gates on all bedroom doors and to the laundry room. He was diagnosed with pica at the age of 8 monthes and it has just gotton worse and worse. My mom bought him because me and my brother wanted him, She never intended for Duke, the dog, to get so attached to her. She has a really bad sickness Lupus and other things that cause her to work from bed, duke haas always been there. We have noticed that since we got our other dog Ruby he has gotton huge anxiety, whenever my mom leaves the house he stops whatever he is doing and bolts to the door to try to go with her, whenever me and Vince hug her he is right there with us. We cant send him to daycare because he isn't the type of dog that likes playing with other dogs, he stays to my mom. This problem is getting really bad to the point were if Ruby goes near my mom he will try to dominate her, they are both spayed and neutered btw.Whenever I walk into my moms room in the morning he ALWAYS jumps of the bed and grabs either a shoe or a a blanket or a shirt ect, too direct the attention to him.

&amp;#x200B;

My mom works with kids and adults with autism and owns several businesses so she knows that he is doing this. We cant find a solution and we have tried everything from medicine to dog watchers, nothing helps please respond."
105,DogAdvice,"I’m sorry to be posting a pic of a turd, but …","Daisy was spayed back in October, and her vet said that everything healed perfectly.  Ever since, her poop has been different (its on/off - some days she gets lots of treats bc we’re still training her). I know dark coloured poop can indicate blood, however I’m not sure if it should look more dark-red than this, before considering a vet visit. This is the first time it happened. I’m also concerned about the mucus? I gave her a bit of boiled brown rice about a day ago, could it be too high in fibre for her/ irritating her digestive process?

Please help!"
106,DogAdvice,Teeth showing advice.,"We have one of the most placid cockapoos that we bred last year, she has been an amazing mother during the whole process and we kept 2 of the puppies. Recently the mum has started showing her teeth when little children get in her face and pet her. We assume it's perhaps a motherly instinct and we do our best to prevent the issue. Has anyone else experienced this or have any advice on it?"
107,DogAdvice,Why does it look like this dog has multiple pupils? (not nsfw but is weird to see),"My grandparents dog was begging for food yesterday when a sunbeam illuminated his eye in such a way that it seemed like he had three pupils. I had difficulty processing it momentarily because one of them seemed like a shadow, but was eventually able to get some decent pictures. He doesn't seem to be acting differently and my grandparents claim they can't see what I'm talking about.

Aside from what looks to be a cataract, can anyone tell what's going on with his eye? Is it some degenerative thing, weird anisocoria presentation, absolutely nothing and just this particular dogs eyes?"
108,DogAdvice,Pup doesn't have appetite for lunch,"I was wondering if anyone else has a similar issue with their pup. My 10 months old mutt is slowly stopping to eat/not eating her whole bowl of dry kibble at lunchtime. I feed her twice a day, once at noon and once in the evening. For lunchtime she's barely eating, but in the evening she gobbles down her food. She seems otherwise normal, being the energetic trouble maker as always. It has been getting hotter and drier during the last few days, so I'm wondering if maybe the heat is causing her to lose some apetite during the day. Or maybe she's fed up with dry kibble and only eats after her evening walk when she's actually truly hungry?

Anyhow, just wanted to know if you guys have had similar experiences with your pups. She's scheduled to do full blood work next week as a check up (she's had a rough start in life with multiple health issues) so if anything is off I'll know soon. I contacted my vet when she started eating less but she told me since the pup is still eating dinner well and is energetic/playful like normal it's nothing to be alarmed about just yet."
109,DogAdvice,Every Saturday. I travel for work and the dog next door to my apt cries all weekend during the day. My dog is like “what’s happening”?,
110,DogAdvice,Can't believed he looked like this. (Look on page to see how he looks now!),
111,DogAdvice,Dog Sick and Vets can’t figure out why,"My 6year old dog (mixed breed but not sure exactly what breed since he was a rescue, about 18lbs) has been sick for the last two weeks and the vet can’t figure out what is wrong with him. 

About 7 weeks ago he hurt his back legs/back. He was outside to pee and he yelped randomly. We brought him to the vet and they said it might be a slipped disk and to keep him off his back two legs as much as possible. For about 3-4 weeks after he couldn’t walk up the stairs in our home and he had some weakness in his back legs. 

He started to get better but was never at 100%. We tried to limit his walking up stairs as much as we could because we wanted him to give his body a chance to heal. 

Then about 6 weeks after the injury he started to get gastro symptoms. He started to throw up and diarrhea. We brought him to the vet and they did a blood test and found that his white blood cells were elevated. He started to recover from the gastro 4 days later but the vet had recommended we put him on antibiotics due to the elevated white blood cells. We started the antibiotics on day 4 of him having gastro like symptoms. On day 5 he started to act more like himself. He had an appetite again and was more or less back to normal except his back legs were still weak. He was back to normal for 6 days then at night he started shaking and wouldn’t eat his food. 

We brought him back to the vet the next day and he had a fever of 104.5. We were sent for X-rays to check for any issues with his hips, legs, and chest and all came back normal. We also did blood work to check for ticks, heart worm and other tick borne illnesses and all came back clear as well. 

The following day he was sent for an ultrasound and he came back all clear as well. However he still had a fever of 104.18. At this point the vet is not sure what can be causing him to be sick. We were given a stronger antibiotic that also has some anti inflammatory in it and just started him on this last night. They’re thinking it might be an acute infection somewhere that they haven’t been able to locate OR the start of pancreatitis, however they’re not sure at this point.

Has anyone had a similar experience with their pup? Any ideas/advice on how to help him? Thanks for your input."
112,DogAdvice,Found this on our dog's leg. Any clue what this is? She doesn't seem to be bothered by it. Looks like a huge pimple or pus.,
113,DogAdvice,Are they playing?,
114,DogAdvice,Found this on our dog's leg. Any clue what this is? She doesn't seem to be bothered by it. Looks like a huge pimple or pus.,
115,DogAdvice,"My parents adopted a 5 month old Great Pyrenees, is her behavior concerning?","My parents adopted a Great Pyrenees puppy two days ago, she is a 5 month old female. One of my relatives said they saw her walking around before we came in, but the moment us and the breeder came into her space, she was cornering herself, acting shy and not moving or trying to get away from us, while the golden retriever in the cage next to her was jumping and licking our hands. I know a Pyr isn't quite as playful as a Golden, but the breeder told us this one have always been shy and her sister who was adopted one day before was said to be active and playful. The breeder told us they did not fed her this day, so she doesn't puke in the car.

&amp;#x200B;

In the car (my parents were driving for two hours), she kept doing this thing where she was pointing her snout to her stomach and she farted a few times. When we came back home, she was cornering herself, looking at us like we had just punished her, and refused to eat and drink until night, also didn't pee and poop the day my parents took her home.

&amp;#x200B;

The next day, she both peed and poop and it looked normal, she agreed to eat (same brand as the breeder fed her, something ProPlan) and drink, and today the same. She is still isn't particularly active or cuddly, though, and all she wants to do is go in the garden, but she mostly pees at home (hopefully, that is just temporary). We haven't been able to walk her outside of the garden yet, because she doesn't move much and she is very stubborn about it. She is not fearful at all with our cats and us, though. She is shy, and extremely calm (she barked just once), but not exactly scared of us.

&amp;#x200B;

She still does the snout pointing at her stomach, though, and I think she farted again, I'm not sure if it's anything we should be worried about?

&amp;#x200B;

I know she is new and this is not a cuddly/playful breed necessarily, but does that sound normal? I'm not a dog person at all, and this is the first time my parents got this breed"
116,DogAdvice,Winter bootie recommendations!,"The full midwest winter could likely happen at any time now…So if you know of any booties that keep paws warm, dry and salt free, please link them below! 

I am open to all avenues, including etsy! As I know homemade ones may actually turn out to be the best?? 
I’ve googled and looked at countless articles, but I would rather get advice here from people who can actually attest to what they use. 

Our new guy is 5 months and settling in to his first week with us, but with the light freezing and salt already where we walk, I don’t want to put his paws in jeopardy! They say he is a boxer/pointer mix, and has webbed feet, if that helps with recommendations. (Official DNA results are already pending 🐶) 

Thanks and appreciate you all in advance!"
117,DogAdvice,What are these light spots on my dogs nose? Is it just normal aging (she’s 6) or should I be concerned? They appeared a week or so ago,
118,DogAdvice,I need help and don't know where to turn,"I'm a 16 year old male, my family owns a 6 year old German Shepherd and for the most part he's a great dog he gets a long great with friends and family and he's super sweet but he has issues with other dogs and I don't know what to do about it. I'm the only one who can really do anything as my parents aren't willing to pay for a dog trainer or put in any work themselves. My dad isn't great with him and is too prideful to admit it or ask for help and my mom just doesn't get involved.

&amp;#x200B;

it should be said he of course is a big dog much bigger than most german shepherds up to 90-110 pounds. When we walk and he sees another dog he starts going rigid just staring at the dog sometimes just sniffing the ground and using that as a way to just look at the dog and then as the dog gets closer his ears will go up and he'll get more rigid and if the dog gets too close he'll start pulling and sometimes growling and barking. I've tried so many times to break his cycle I've used spray bottles to try and get his attention  I've tried ignoring the dog and to keep walking and so that he may take the hint as I've found he tends to look back at me before doing a lot of things but it's like he can't make the connection that he's doing something wrong. He's had dog friends in the past he had a little chihuahua friend that got hit by a car. When I'm not around or when he's at doggy daycare our family has been told that he does fine with other dogs. He's had this problem for a long time but I think it worsened when he was once attacked by a mastiff at around 1 or 2 years old and my dad would probably encourage bad behavior or treat him in ways that did not help him developmentally. 

I love my dog and I know he can do better and don't want to give up but I'm running out of ideas on what to do any help would be appreciated. Apologies if this is somewhat incoherent it's late and I'm kinda just venting to an extent but I need help and need to fix this."
119,DogAdvice,"If dogs don’t like eye contact, how do I look at dogs without making them uncomfortable?","So I understand how awful eye contact can be and the anxiety that comes along with it, I don’t wanna make anything ever feel the level of anxiety I feel. How do I properly look at dogs without making them anxious?

Sorry if this is a dumb question!"
120,DogAdvice,Dog does not sleep at all,"I cannot stand it any longer. He “naps” for like a few hours and wakes up in the middle of the night. He also wakes up very easily if there’s a noise. He’s 1.5 years old and he’s been doing this since he was a puppy. 

Ik dogs are supposed to sleep a lot but he really does not."
121,DogAdvice,Is this a bite?,I've recently got a new foster dog from Spain and he's got this lump on his ear
122,DogAdvice,Shih Tzu shaking in car,"TLDR; My dog shakes in the car and I would like to know how to help her.

I've had my girl now for around a year and a half. I've had her since she was an 8 week old pup and she's an amazing dog. She loves her walks, eats well and have an amazing temperament, but we are unable to take her in the car anywhere. 

My husband has to hold her while I'm driving and she physically shakes and tries to hide her head. It's honestly very upsetting, so she hasn't been in the car for several months as I don't want to subject her to that until I know how to fix the issue. 

Does anyone know of anything I can do myself before I seek help from a professional?"
123,DogAdvice,Complicated housebreaking...,"So about ten months ago, we adopted a dog from a buddy. Hela is a Shi Tzu mutt mix of some kind that they found on the side of the road in the desert about six years ago- she is now roughly 10 years old.

Long story short- buddy works long hours and so does his wife. Hela stayed in a crate overnight and as long as they were at work. Then buddy got two husky pups- and proceeded to not have time for them either. All of them were crated excessively and often together in one large crate which resulted in Hela getting bullied by the huskies.

It was only after she started losing massive amounts of weight did he bother to think about rehoming her. I should mention this is my husband's buddy- who lived nearly two hours from us so we didn't really see the dogs at all until he brought up his difficulty trying to get a shelter to take her.

She was severely matted, dragged her belly across the floor because she was so scared of everything, and emaciated. It was terrible. We decided to take her home, and we've had her ever since.

We've been approaching things one at a time- earning whatever trust she'll give us, getting her used to being on a leash and going on walks, working on her anxiety- little by little. She's now a healthy weight and still super anxious, but it's not nearly a bad as those first few months. We're working with a vet on maybe getting her medicated to sort out the rest since it feels like her days are just so miserable still.

I'm home most of the day, my husband is Navy so he's gone for fair amounts of time. We take her out every 4-6 hours (no yard) which is what we've found to be her limit for bathroom needs.


However. Nighttime is a different story.

Because of the years of excessive crating, she's unable to be left in a crate. Well, I suppose she could, but she's thrashing, crying, and trying to dig her way out the entire time. We didn't really have an option to not crate her, because she's only partially housebroken and I need to sleep. If not crated, she'll mess in the house. Every time. We've tried crate training too, but there's just no point. It's instant deathly panic every time, even if she's in the room with us while crated. Just seeing the crate changes her mood, and she's not a very happy dog to begin with so it's just heartbreaking.

We've finally decided to give up on it - it's not worth the stress she goes through every day and there's literally nowhere I can put her in the apartment that is far enough that she won't wake me up multiple times a night with her panic.

But. Housebreaking.

She technically is housebroken - she knows that she goes to the bathroom outside. However, she will not tell us if she needs to go. Bell training, touch training- nothing worked. She will not tell us. And she will not hold it either. She just goes. Not an issue during the day, but I need to sleep.

We used puppy pads for awhile, thinking there was some success but then we caught our senior cat using them and we found out we were just teaching HIM to piss on the carpet instead. It took months to fix and get him back to using a litter box. Pads are not an option.

So right now it's pretty much either 1) crate her to prevent messing on the carpet overnight, which will destroy her mental health or 2) accept she will piss on the carpet and that there is nothing to be done, just do our best to carpet clean every week. I'm almost to the point of not caring either way, because this stress combined with everything else is way too much on me. Our senior cat is near the end of his life and taking up most of my time and attention- I don't have much left in me.

I have no idea what options we have left are, except maybe diapers overnight. I don't even know if she'll leave them be, or chew them off. She's fine with her winter jacket, but who knows?

Any ideas or advice would be welcome."
124,DogAdvice,Is this just playing? Or is it something we should work on? More in the comments:),
125,DogAdvice,Dog and oral fixations,"Hello everyone! I have a 4 year old female that in the past year and a half or so has become incredibly abimant on constant licking and biting. This includes: her limbs, toys, and her bed.

She will sit there for hours licking her paws, biting at her legs, licking her bed, or sucking on and destroying toys. Im not sure if she has always had this behavior. She grew up with dog siblings and no longer has any, just two cats.

I don't know why she does this and it's not easy to distract her from doing it. She only seems to do it when she is in the bedroom usually at night, but we also don't watch her while she's outside so i am not sure if she does this during the day.

Any clues as to what's going on? We play with her and take her on walks and she is usually with us throughout the day. But it's costing us many toys as she bites through even the ""tough"" toys in a few days."
126,DogAdvice,Any idea on with this is on my dogs ear?,
127,DogAdvice,Dog eczema?,
128,DogAdvice,Issues in crate when away from home,"My 1.5 year old Cavalier is great in her crate at night at home. We go for the bedtime walk and she puts herself to bed when we come in, sleeping through the night. 

Whenever I visit my parents, however, it’s a different story. Generally her anxiety levels go up for the first day or two we’re here. I assume that is because sometimes she stays with them when I travel for work, so she’s unsure if I’m staying or going. When I leave her with them she’s totally fine at night. 

The issue is when I am staying at their house. We do her bedtime walk and she puts herself to bed like at home. But minutes later she is barking. The only solution I’ve found is to go sleep on the couch with her for 30mins to an hour and then put her back to bed. (Usually we’ve spent the hours before bedtime laying on the couch watching a movie so it’s not like she’s missing snuggle time!)

This isn’t regulated to my parents’ house. This summer we got a vacation rental (just me and the dog) and it took to night 4 for her to go to bed with no barking. 

Any ideas on why this happens and how I can resolve it?"
129,DogAdvice,has anyone clipped a quick before?,i havent but im afraid to. my recent rescue has neglected nails that NEED trimming. ive slowly cut them but if i hit the quick what is the best way to help her? trying to be ahead of the issue. she has black nails so i cant see anything.
130,DogAdvice,Sending Mixed Signals?,"Have had my pup for about 6 months (2yr old mix from a shelter) and she does not currently sleep in bed with me. Have been thinking about inviting her up-but know that my boyfriend wouldn’t want her there when he stays over. He’s here about 50% of the time… do you think that would be sending mixed signals and too hard for her to go back and forth?

Here’s a picture of her being real cute as payment. 😊 

Thank you!"
131,DogAdvice,Can you read this body language for me?,
132,DogAdvice,My dog is acting sick,"My dog got into a little fight a couple days ago. And even though he won he’s acting kind of funny. He’s short of breath, taking a lot of naps. Worst of all he’s not eating; I can’t say why but it’s VERY important he stays at a certain weight. 

Do you think he’s ok? I can’t take him to the vet because he says this happens to often and if I come in again he’s gonna tell somebody.

Do you think he’s good?"
133,DogAdvice,Puppy has diarrhea,"Hey everyone. 
My 5 month old Rottweiler mix has had diarrhea for a few days now. 
A couple weeks ago we decided to switch her food. We started off with giving her 1/2 cup new food with 1 1/2 old food twice a day for about 5 days. Then we did 1 cup new food 1 cup old food twice a day for another 5 days, and then did 1 1/2 cups new food and 1/2 cup old food until the old food ran out (around 4 days). She wasn’t having diarrhea until a few days ago probably around the time we started giving her 2 cups twice a day of new food. She is acting completely normal and still full of energy, just up at all hours of the night with the shits and I come home from work with at least one pile of diarrhea on the floor. Tonight for dinner I just fed her 1 cup of plain white rice and will see if that will help. How long should I feed her just rice? Can I feed her anything else to help settle her stomach? Should I keep feeding her this new food? I don’t know if the new food is the issue so I don’t want to switch her food again. Never had issues with switching food for a dog so I don’t really know what to do here!! Thank you!!!!"
134,DogAdvice,Looking for better kibble,"My dog used to be fed IAMS by my parents and I’m looking to switch to a better food. 
My dog is a French bulldog mix and is 4 years old. We are currently paying 2.50 USD per pound and want to stay in that general area. She likes chicken, duck, and turkey, but will eat anything. 
Thanks!"
135,DogAdvice,Is there something wrong with my dogs right eye (your left) she’s had that white ring around it since she was a puppy. The shelter never said anything was wrong with it. I’m just curious what it is,
136,DogAdvice,Skincare advice for dashchund,Hi all I have a 9 month old Dashchund as was wondering if I could get some advice for skincare. Her ears are starting to get dry and scaly and she is starting to get dandruff and must be itchy as she is always rolling herself in the grass in the backyard. The breeder told me to use vinegar baths which I’m going to try out today but was wondering if there was anything else I could do to help her. Any advice would be appreciated thank you
137,DogAdvice,Older dog is acting aggressive,"My older dog is acting up, growled and raised his lip at me

We got a puppy(male)  4 months ago and he is now around the half year mark, he is a nice puppy but sometimes can be somewhat annoying, my older dog (3y male) sometimes reminds him of that by growling at him for a brief second until he submits.
My older dog has show no major issues other than dominating the younger dog, never harming the puppy but playing mouthing games or making him submit when he crosses a line( going after his snack, jumping at his face etc.)
The way we feed them is to tell them to go on their bed, afterwards we put their bowls in their spot and give them the command to go after 3-5 seconds)
I normally feed them at the same time, but a recent trend has happened, where my older dog approaches my puppy, ignoring his own food, and growls at him, when this happens i normally separate them and have them eat alone. 
Today though, he started growling at my puppy and making him submit before i even made them go to bed or put the food down. I found this behaviour bad so 
I sent my dog to another room closed the door and fed the puppy. Then i locked my puppy into a different room and tried to feed the older dog. I put his food down and then told him to go on his bed, but instead of doing so he turned towards me, raised his lips and growled at me, I have previously had a negative experience where he nipped me( less than a cm deep) on my arm when I accidentally provoked( i realise what i did wrong there) but this time it seems almost entirely unprovoked.
Im a little bit shocked right now, I would really like some assistance, I have left my older dog alone in the room he normally rats now and closed the door.
For reference, i am the primary caregiver for the puppy and my older brother for the older dog, he will be returning soon to handle this but i would like to know where i went wrong. Feel free to inquire for more details."
138,DogAdvice,Elbow Dysplasia Postop,"Hi everyone.  
My 5 year old shepherd mix had a subtotal coronoidectomy for her elbow dysplasia on 11/14.  She is limping way worse and hobbling at times.  I'm so upset it seems like she is failing surgery.  She is quarantined and on pain meds.  Follow up appt 11/29.  We are considering putting her down if she doesn't start to make any improvements which is the worst.  
Does anyone have any experience with this recovery and timeline?  I'm under impression we would have seen improvements by now. 
I don't want to rush to losing my best friend but I feel like we are torturing her now.  
Thank you for any of your experiences."
139,DogAdvice,Frenchie woke up not himself,Day after thanksgiving here and he has been laying around.  He threw up in the morning seems a bit feverish and had blood in his poop.  He didn’t eat anything out of the ordinary yesterday that I know of.
140,DogAdvice,Dog afraid of husband only when wife not home,"We've had our rescued street dog for about 3 weeks, which I know is not that long, but if anyone has ideas to help things settle I'd rather implement them sooner than later.

She is on the timid side but very loving.  She took to me and declared me her emotional support human instantly.  And when I am home, she's also very loving with my husband.  She cuddles with him, solicits play, leans into petting, all that good doggy stuff.  However, when I'm not in the house she won't go near him except to hastily snatch treats.  He'd be ok just ignoring her and letting her work through it at her own pace except that she has to go out.  It takes a lot of cajoling for him to get her outside when I'm not home, and then she won't come back in.

When I'm around though, you'd think she was the perfect dog and the two of them had been buddies for years.  How can we help build their trust faster so she can pee on the days I work from the office without spending all day in the rain waiting for me to be the one to invite her back in?"
141,DogAdvice,Help with dog frequently choking?,"Disclaimer before anyone panics: my sweet dog is not currently choking!!

My sweet little dog, a 1yo Cavalier, chokes on treats very easily. We use her kibble for regular treats on walks (Royal Canin Digestive Care Mini) which she seems to enjoy except for the fact that she has choked on them multiple times now.

She has this kibble for breakfast but the choking has really only occurred while we use it as a treat on walks so far.

This obviously terrifies me. Today was particularly scary as at took multiple attempts before we dislodged the treat and she breathed.

Obviously, we won't be using the kibble for treats again. I am calling our vet tomorrow to see if she needs to be checked over for it, and booking a first aid course.

I am wondering what we can use to reward her on walks without the choking hazard? And if anyone has any suggestions on how we can make it less likely she chokes?"
142,DogAdvice,Will I have to put my dog down?,"Dog’s (GSD mix, 8 yo, ~100lbs) other CCL (ACL) blew out this morning and no vet is open to see him. What can I do to help him and make him more comfortable? What can I expect? He can’t walk and is reactive when we try to help him with a makeshift sling (e.g. a blanket/towel). He needs to use the restroom but I have no clue how to help him without adding more discomfort or stress to his situation. My mind is jumping to the worst case scenario where I’ll have to put him down.  

Any advice would be much appreciated."
143,DogAdvice,Aggressive Chewers,"I’m look to order a few new toys for my pup. He’s about 65+ pounds, 9 months, Pit mix and he loves to rip things apart. Any recommendations from the owners with aggressive chewers."
144,DogAdvice,white lump on my dog..? is it just a blister or?,
145,DogAdvice,Is there something wrong with my dog? She has been blinking a lot even after sleeping.,
146,DogAdvice,Reactive dog with bite history,"Hello, I’m in a very tough spot and unsure of what to do. My boyfriend and I have a 2 year old pit mix that we got from the shelter in January. He has a history of being abandoned and we knew this and wanted him anyways. Around us, he is the sweetest cuddle bug and very obedient. However, there have been multiple instances where (usually men) have gotten in his space or stuck their hand out and he has snapped at them, enough to draw some blood. He doesn’t like when people come into our apartment either. We did 20 1-hour lessons with a trainer but she mostly worked on his reactivity during walks and overall obedience, which we all see improvement on. Yesterday our dog bit my uncle when I was not around (probably my fault leaving him with my mom), anyways, this seems to be the last straw for my boyfriend. He wants to put him down. I do not want to give up on him because he is so sweet with us, just gets fearful of strangers. What does anyone here think we should do?"
147,DogAdvice,Is my dog (black and white spot) enjoying daycare?,
148,DogAdvice,Old age,Dogs getting colder with old age she will be 13 next year is it animal abuse to give her a t shirt or jumper ? I’ve seen people say people who dress their dogs up are animal abusers.
149,DogAdvice,Chewing Wooden furniture,"I have two dogs, a two year old lab and a one year old mastiff. When we are around they are great and cuddly and well behaved. But any time we are both at work they keep finding new wood to chew. First it was the baseboards, then the dining chair backs and today I come home to the tv stands corner all chewed up. 

I know I don’t walk them enough, but I always try to buy new toys and they destroy them in minutes. 

Is there any way to stop the furniture chewing besides just tiring them more?"
150,DogAdvice,Best life hacks for fleas,Hey folks! We've been dealing with a flea attack the last couple of weeks and I'd be curious to hear if anyone has good and perhaps lesser known hacks that have worked for them to keep the nasty critters at bay.
151,DogAdvice,My girlfriend's dog is obsessive over me to the point of concern.,"Hi everyone I hope your holiday was great. I am coming to you all because we are having an issue that I cannot find material on. 
We have been dating since July and her pup has increasingly become more obsessed with me that it went from cute to very concerning. This isn't the jump on me for 15 minutes kind of deal. She will not stop licking me or climbing in my face when I am around. My SO can walk away and she will still keep doing it.
  We have tried me ignoring her,  keeping her off the couch, no eye contact but she just gets even more anxious and obsessed. We recently have had to start putting her in her crate when I am over due to being unable to eat or have conversations anymore. 
Is there something I can do or some method to reinforce that this is not okay behavior? I am not too upset about it but I hate the stress I can see it gives my partner from not being able to relax."
152,DogAdvice,Rant: people who make blatant assumptions,"I have a pit bull boxer mix, he’s a rescue and a big baby. I’ve had him almost 10 years. I was talking to two other dog owners who both made the dumb assumption that he’s a bad dog and aggressive because he’s a pit bull. When I corrected them and said that he’s actually very sweet the man goes “oh so he was a bait dog then? That’s so sad” 

Sir you are so ignorant. He’s always been well trained and trusting. He was found on the streets, and my assumption is that either his previous owners lost a very sweet dog or they dumped him because they couldn’t have him.. or maybe he ran away because they were bad owners. But there is no evidence he was ever a “bait dog” for dog fights. No scars, no aversion to other dogs or people. Just a big snuggle bug. 

I’m not mad at this man, but I’m definitely questioning his intelligence and that he seems the type to make massive assumptions.. idk where I’m going with this, I just wanted to share"
153,DogAdvice,Does anvone know what’s happening to her? She’s been coughing for 4 days straight. Over night her right eye keeps closing while her other eye is open. Third eye lid keeps closing her right eye and discharge is appearing as well. I’m literally trying my best not to freak out,
154,DogAdvice,dry patch on both tip of each ear. hair and dry skin falls off when i touch it. she doesn’t seem to itch it. i’ve been putting a balm on it do you think it needs a vet visit?,
155,DogAdvice,Worms in my dogs faeces? She was only wormed a month ago and no other droppings have worms that we can see- is this potentially really dangerous?,
156,DogAdvice,This kid loves snacks! They all go to Grandma's house to steal Puni's feed 😂,
157,DogAdvice,10 weeks old rescued puppy! Any advice which breed is him?,
158,DogAdvice,Rescue advice pls!,"So at titles says Noodles is a rescue!  *little back story the owner unfortunately died last weekend and that meant that Noodles mum and dad aswll as a bother and a sister needs a new home*  we previously had a staff names Misty she lives a happy and long life of 15y 8mths 3 days

We have had Noodles for a total of 3 days now and she is still very timid and frightened to hell, she will do stuff like get up, eat, toilet but we mustn't wach her or she just sits down and stares your down, but she's very tamed as she will let you pick her up, brush her, bath her and she does not flinch one bit! But will give you the side eye while doing it, Maybe the odd shiver but that's it, we still haven't heard one word/bark/sound out of her yet which is very strange...

Anyone had experience with a rescue? Or anyone know bit more about the cocker spaniel bread that I must know? Or does anyone know any tips or ticks to help her settle in faster/become more playful and confident?

She is a very good girl and she does pee herself on fright so it's as expected, sue does like treats but won't take from your hand or won't eat if your looking, 

happy to buy whatever need to be done to make this little fur ball more comfy.."
159,DogAdvice,"Red testes, balls have been this red every other day or so.. does lick himself sometimes but not excessively..is this normal?",
160,DogAdvice,Is this normal? His nails look almost like they are becoming hollow.,
161,DogAdvice,"[help] My 7 year old was diagnosed with Pyometra, putting her down next week, need help coping","
Hi everyone,
I’m really writing this for help on how to cope with this. My 7 year old pomeranian/poodle Nala (my first pet) ate chocolate 2 weeks ago; we took her to the vet where she was then diagnosed with diabetes and lost her eyesight the next day (we had a gofundme set up for that but didn’t raise enough money to restore her sight). Because she was vomiting from the chocolate they put her on a round of antibiotics; she was doing better with the insulin combined with antibiotics, and we took her to the vet yesterday to have a blood glucose monitor installed on her where she was then diagnosed with Pyometra. Her blood sugar is extremely high at 350+ (over what our reader can see) and the pyometra has made her resistant to insulin. For those unfamiliar, pyometra is an infection in the uterus which causes the uterus to rupture this filling the abdomen with pus (where the dog will die in less than a couple of days). We unfortunately don’t have the money for emergency pyometra surgery (ranging from $1-3k) and we’re going to have to put her down within the next week to avoid a super painful eventual death; she has a life expectancy of a couple more weeks with pyometra. I had a gofundme set up for cataract surgery to restore her eyesight, which raised around $330, and was going to use that for her urgent pyometra surgery instead but unfortunately it isn’t enough money and we won’t be able to raise enough within the next week to save her.
I just wanted to know how to cope with this. We have no option but to euthanize her and this has been extremely tough for my family and I as she is our first pet. To anyone whose pet passed away I really would like to understand the grieving process and if it’ll get any easier. It has been hard enough already and it’s only been a day since the news; I hope I had done enough for her with the gofundme and all which didn’t raise much but that was my effort. This was all very sudden as she was happy and healthy just a couple of weeks ago. I’ll be spending my last week with her doing everything she loves. Thank u guys in advance."
162,DogAdvice,Hydrolyzed protein food,"I have a 2.5 yo ACD mix who has a history of HGE. Dog had little appetite and loose stool so put him on a sensitive stomach food and daily probiotic and both seemed to improve a little bit still having bouts of HGE. Put him on Royal Canin hydrolyzed protein a couple of weeks ago and he now seems to always be hungry (which I take me mean he no longer has an upset stomach). His poop went from a little loose to really pretty dry. Not long enough to know whether HGE will reoccur m. 

Does anyone have a dog on this food with some insight? At $55/7 lbs I’m hoping we may not always need to be on this but I suspect we will. Should I be concerned about the dry stool and anyway to fix it? Was your dog ever able to have treats again or did you have to stay on a really strict diet? Any general thoughts or comments would be appreciated as well. Especially is you have more information about the cause of your dogs underlying problem. We are at a bit of a loss with my pup.

Thanks!"
163,DogAdvice,My dog tore out two of his nails.,"1. He did this trying to escape the yard. 

2. There were about two teaspoons of blood. He’s a Pomeranian.

Should I take him to the vet? I have been nursing him in a towel."
164,DogAdvice,What’s in my dogs poop?! Worms? Pieces of rope toy? What’s the coating?!,
165,DogAdvice,Dog Poop Insight Needed!,
166,DogAdvice,"My dog has injury!!! Vets are closed for thanksgiving, could anyone please let me know how can I treat him?",
167,DogAdvice,There's this weird scab on my dog's throat and he won't sit still long enough for us to get a proper look at it. It feels like matted hair but scabby and flaky. Has any other dog owners seen this on their dog? What is it?,
168,DogAdvice,What is going on with my dog???,
169,DogAdvice,Small cyst/wound on 6 year old German shepherd. Does anyone know if this is something I should take her to the vet for? She doesn’t seem to be in pain but has been licking it off and on. You normally cannot see it without moving the fur unless she has been licking the spot. More info in comments,
170,DogAdvice,Dog growling/snapping at kids,"My dogs about three years old and never had this behavior before, we’ve had him since he was about 6 weeks old.  My sister is staying is with us and has two children (3/4) and he’s snapped and growled at the youngest. We’ve caughtt them both pulling on his tail and ears and trying to take food and toys away from him, we are trying to educate the kids not to do this. He has snapped at me once but he was asleep and I believe I scared him when I woke him up but I can pick up his toys or really mess with him without any problem.  I don’t want anything to happen to the children, am I going to have to get rid of my baby or is there hope? Any advise/experiences would be appreciated. Thanks"
171,DogAdvice,Shaved down a matted/pelted dog at work and saw this. What is this embedded in the dogs skin? A little puss came out of it too.,
172,DogAdvice,Separation anxiety,"Anyone have advice for a 6 month old puppy who has some separation anxiety. She is fully crate trained and is fine when crated, whether I am home or go out, but if not in her crate and I leave the room she gets anxiety:  cries, paces, almost panicked, even if someone else is still in the room with her. Only had her for 1 month so we’re working on basic obedience still (sit, stay, come, etc). What do we do? Help!"
173,DogAdvice,How to enrich my working/field golden retriever?,"  Howdy. 

I'm a brand new owner of a now 3 month old ""field line"" golden retriever. We are not hunters, just didn't realize goldens..were actually working dogs. Silly me. 

Anyway, I'm not gonna just force her to be a dog she isn't and it's clear already that she has some kind of prey drive or wants to go get birds. We got her from breeders that are hunters, and breed/train for huntin' dogs. 


So I'm wondering what kind of games/tasks are enriching for my ginger. Obviously fetch is a hit.. and I will be getting her a flirt pole. 

Is there anything else I can do to stimulate her retriever brain besides becoming an actual fowl hunter? Lol

Also, she loves to dig. The snuffle mats on Amazon seem lame, I tried one for my 2yo bichon and I just can't see how it's made for digging or even nose work. 



Should I be getting her toys that looks like birds? What do you think are some training/tasks techniques hunters use that I could use?"
174,DogAdvice,"My dog today fell from the stairs and broke her leg. Looking for advice from people who experienced the same, on walks, baths, etc. Took her to the vet as soon as it happened and now we're waiting to get the x-rays done to be able to do surgery",
175,DogAdvice,Fecal Incontinence Trouble,"My elderly Chihuahua-Dachshund mix (15-16 years old) has struggled with fecal incontinence for about four months now, and we’ve tried about everything. A basket for him to sleep in? He crawls out. Diapers? He crawls out. Different types of foods, stool helping (?) foods? Nothing!! We’re getting really, really tired of how much crap we clean up on a day-to-day basis.

We’re now thinking about putting him on a medicine that’s supposed to help with the anal muscles called Loperamide. This was one of two last options, the other being surgery and since he’s so old I’m a bit scared of doing that. He’s completely healthy otherwise, and is very happy, but we don’t know what to do.

Before we do this, is there ANYTHING else we might be able to do? We love this dog but it’s getting really tough to deal with this problem."
176,DogAdvice,"On family vacation, dog is in pain or overwhelmed?","We are on family vacation in NYC for these few days-we are from DC so I didn’t anticipate too much of being overwhelmed as much or surprised by the city environment for my dog. She snarled and snapped at me more than once this morning-in the hotel room and when we were out at the parade. She’s a service dog who is 3.5 and normally beyond well behaved so of course I freaked out and cried when she did it. It seems like maybe she’s in pain because she was only doing it to me but my sister started to pet her on her head and she did a little growl (same thing that preceded her snarling earlier). And then after, she was super cuddly-not like put off by my presence. I’ve contacted her vet and made an appt for Monday, but how do I treat this or help her? I’ve been overwhelmed about it just because I don’t feel equipped to help her here, away from home."
177,DogAdvice,She does this little twitch after taking her sedatives. Are they are tiny hiccups? They go away after 15 mins or so.,
178,DogAdvice,Dog stye eye?,Just found this on my little pup’s eye - anyone know if this is a stye?
179,DogAdvice,Say Hello to my Babies!! Both males. 🐾,
180,DogAdvice,Breed recommendations for someone with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome?,"Hi everyone, 

I have been considering getting a dog for a long time and ultimately decided to move forward with it because I think it will be beneficial for my health. 

I have CFS, which impacts my health greatly. I’m often drained on energy and it’s often difficult to get out of bed. I do have some good days where I’m able to get outside for a light walk. 

With that being said, I am looking for a breed that does well with my condition. One that will relax with me when not feeling well, but happy to go out on a walk when I can. Additionally, I want a breed that is known not to bark a lot and also doesn’t shed. Size range around 20-40lbs.

A dog that greatly interests me is a welsh terrier. Although I’m not sure if they are too active? I’ve always loved Airedale terriers and this is just a smaller version of them. 

If anyone has any recommendations I would be so thankful!"
181,DogAdvice,Can anyone help identify what is happening with my dog??,He's been really restless and bobbing his head like that. Could it me tremors/neurological or maybe anxiety attack. He is an anxious dog. Or could he have ingested something.  Yes I am going to the vets I'm trying to find a 24 hour one in Melbourne. Any help would be appreciated also. Thankyou.
182,DogAdvice,This kind of discharge has been leaking from the tail area (I tried to look for any abnormalities but she got agitated) of my parents 15 year old female dog. It started earlier tody. Anyone had a similar experience?,
183,DogAdvice,My dog and food,"My dog, the past two days, wouldn't eat. My parents put wet food and dry food, with some sausage and egg to intice her. We even put her food in one of the same bowls we eat out of because we had a problem before where she wouldn't eat.
This morning I heated up some chorizo to get the oil out of it and tore it up, got some sausage and tore it up and then put in her usual dry and wet food and mixed it all together, she's just eaten almost all of it.
But she has always had a tendancy to get bits of food put of her bowl and take it like 3 feet away and drop it- after that sometimes she eats it and sometimes she just leaves it there and it never gets eaten. At first I though she was getting the big bits out if she could and eating them, but she doesn't seem to be doing that half the time.
What's wrong with my dog 😭"
184,DogAdvice,Gave an STD to my dog?,Hello. So the thing is that while I was doing my laundry my dog picked up a thong and she bit and licked the underwear that I had used the afternoon before (this happened in the morning) and I have been worried ever since that now my dog could have contracted an STD from me because my thong had discharge. I dont know for sure that I have an STD but what If I have one? I know that this is probably the most stupid question but I have only had my dog for 2 months so I pretty much know nothing. Thank you so much.
185,DogAdvice,How long did it take your dog when it was a puppy to learn that you’re not coming to them when they cry in their crate all night? How many weeks/months did it take before they started just going to sleep instead of barking for a few hours?,"She’s on month 5 so still young but just wondering how long it took some of you. 
We tire her out and practice crate comfort training and her bathroom schedule has her go fully just before bed but she still barks non stop for like 2 hours after I leave the room. A few times that has extended to 3-4 hours. I can’t go in the room while she’s doing it or she’ll learn that it summons me but she also doesn’t stop for long enough for me to go in during a quiet moment to show her that silence gets my attention. The pause between barks is only as long as it takes her to gather another breath for her next volley of barks. Like 1 second max.
I feel like a prisoner in my home because I have to tiptoe around, can’t even flush a toilet or grab water in the night. I can’t go on that floor of my home at all or i’ll trigger another hour or two of barking. I don’t work due to an injury so all my time while she finally sleeps is at home too scared to turn over in bed in case  the bed creaks and she hears it."
186,DogAdvice,Are these just scratches on my dog’s eyelid and chin? Should I take him to the vet?,
187,DogAdvice,5 year old dog behaviour advice,"I’ll keep it short. We’ve had our dog since he was 6 months old and he always had a timid anxious personality. However I’ve noticed when I’m home (female owner) he’s super clingy and anxious with me like can’t be away from me, always staring at or laying on me, can’t relax and avoids my husband even though my husband has always been good to him. When my husband is alone with him my dog just sleeps and chills. Then when we have him at other people’s homes (that he knows well) he’s completely relaxed and plays and if they babysit him he’s totally fine it’s the same thing he is completely relaxed and a normal dog. So why does being around me make him super anxious and clingy, I don’t understand. 

TIA"
188,DogAdvice,Our 1.5 year old mini Aussie-doodle has been licking at her paw. We’ve been keeping the cone on her for 4 days now and washing the paw. Anything else we can do or insight into what could be the cause?,
189,DogAdvice,What to do..,"Hey! I’ve been considering getting a puppy in the future, and I’m not sure what to do. I have school full time and my dad has work full time. How do we have a puppy without having a dog walker, doggy daycare, or someone to check in on the puppy?

Any advice besides “just don’t get a puppy”?"
190,DogAdvice,"small, senior adoptee yawning","Hi all.

Not too long ago I adopted a senior.  A tiny chi-minpin-whoknoes mix.  15 and blind, not very human-focused when I got her.  Over the last couple months she's changed a lot, for the better.  She's relaxed, affectionate and even playful.

Before her the smallest dog I'd ever owned was 80 lbs +.  Most of her behaviors I think I'm doing fine reading, except for her yawning. 

She will find me and sit at my feet, and sometimes paw at my leg to be picked up.  Often when I do pick her up, she will yawn multiple times when I start petting her.  When I set her down again, she'll do the ""shake off"" stress thing.

 I'm used to multiple or out-of-context yawns being a sign of stress.  She's older and has had a rough time of it (multiple homes etc etc). Just want to make sure it's not her being stressed or uncomfortable."
191,DogAdvice,"Sensitive dark spot by her lady bits; what is it? Not a tick, I checked, but she growls if it gets touched or anyone goes near it. grandma doesn’t wanna take her to the vet thinks it’s nothing",
192,DogAdvice,"Please help - just left vet but so scared, my dog can barely move","
I desperately need help. 
I have a 3 year old Aussie who has been having difficulty standing up from laying down for a few months. If I’m being honest I thought he maybe ran or played too hard and that it would pass. He was his normal self besides the struggle to get up, he was still eating and would play with me. Before all of this, I would come home he would be SO excited and jump up on me. Well now, I noticed he stopped jumping up on my bed, stopped jumping on me and barely shows excitement, and is still having major difficulty getting off the ground. Cut to now, he can barely get up, he sits slowly and oddly, he’s very slow when walking, and has no interest in fetch or playing. He seems absolutely exhausted and down, and never wants to get up. Nothing gets him excited and I can tell he is struggling so badly with something or in a lot of pain. I’ve been thinking it was maybe arthritis or something similar. However he’s been to the vet (for allergies) during the time this has been happening and all of his tests and exams were normal. 

My pup has been with my mom who he stays with a lot and adores, and I just got home to see the obvious worsening of whatever is going on. Nothing has changed with his diet or routine except eating less. I immediately notice tonight that he is NOT well and rush him to the ER. You would think he was a very very old dog the way he moves and he was sitting very oddly with both legs pushed to the side. He could also barely get in my car which he never had issues jumping into. 

I explain this in way more detail to the vet. I tell her he is not hisself whatsoever and that I’ve never seen him like this. She checked him out from head to toe and my dog didn’t express any pain in her checks of his body. I told her that he cried today when I was trying to examine his paws and she said he didn’t do that. Basically she said we can do a full body X-ray that would be absurdly expensive, or I go to an orthopedic specialist. I absolutely do not have 1500 to spare for X-rays, especially if that doesn’t show us what we’re looking for. I’m sobbing because seeing him like this is breaking my heart and I may have to find a way to do the X-rays asap because it’s eating me up inside. 

If this sounds remotely relatable to anyone, would you go the X-ray route first? Or maybe other testing? I do not know what to do or where to start especially knowing how expensive all of this will be. I really need some help or peace of mind. 💔"
193,DogAdvice,Dog acting weird and peeing inside?,"Okay so my German shepherd 1y/o was neutered two weeks ago and is still all cone'd up. He's on cone duty another week because he opened the wound a tiny bit the other day (Vet said it was fine, barely opened at all just enough to bleed a teeny bit, gave us antibiotics just in case). Now, we haven't gotten to play very much because he's only interested in playtime that involves running around and getting chased. He comes outside with me whenever I smoke (every hour or so) and we're out there 10, 15 minutes maybe, and he usually does his business then if he needs to. I've seen him hold it nearly an entire day (when we first got him a couple months ago, he was shy in the new home) too so I know he can.

Tonight I found a big ol' dump in the hallway. Like, so big you'd think a human left it there after hitting a buffet. After cleaning, he and I play fetch inside for a bit, since he's mostly healed. I discover a pee puddle that he must've left as a surprise for me earlier. I clean it up and close him out of the room while I do so. When I come out into the hallway guess who's standing over a nice fresh huge NEW puddle of pee? I can understand puddle #2 since he was all excited and I cut him off from playtime abruptly so he might not have been able to control myself, but with the pattern he established over the last few hours it has me concerned.

I also have a couple fish tanks sitting outside full of water to test they won't break. It's cold out, and they're covered in condensation. When I took him out with me like 20 minutes ago, he started nudging and rubbing his nose up against the side of one of the tanks and sort of stumbling side to side. I don't know what he was doing, he wasn't licking it. He might've been trying to check out a bug he saw or something, which would explain a lot because he might've just been stumbling trying to get closer to the bug with the cone in the way, but at the same time what if it's not that, you know? He's being good right now and sleeping in his favorite chair. 

Anyone have any ideas on why? Maybe he's just sick of the lack of stimulation since the neuter and he's acting out with the peeing/pooping inside? And the tank thing was just a bug he saw? Or could this be something more serious? We super duper can't afford to take him to the vet unless we're sure something's wrong, and he is acting normal now."
194,DogAdvice,Is this ok?,She's been reverse sneezing Ike this more frequently over the past few months.
195,DogAdvice,Is this ok?,She's been reverse sneezing Ike this more frequently over the past few months.
196,DogAdvice,Did my dog break her toe?,"We went on a rocky hike recently and then the next walk we went on she limped on that foot for only about 3 steps then has been walking, running, jumping letting me touch her leg and paw and overall seems completely unbothered. But today I noticed the small red bump and that the toe doesn’t seem to sit straight like the rest. Is it worth a trip to the vet is she seems to be acting like she is in 0 pain? Is it like when humans break a toe and there’s nothing you can do besides just slowly let it heal on its own? Or is it perhaps dislocated and needs to be reset? 
Thanks in advance!"
197,DogAdvice,Advice,"My dog that I have has never been aggressive to any dogs or anyone about his food, today we brought home a new puppy and she went towards his food and he wasn’t happy 
Is there a way to help show him it’s ok , tips, tricks on what to do?
Thank you!"
198,DogAdvice,"Urgent, need info asap","Can anybody identify what this could possibly be? When I first adopted my dog about 3-4 months ago (Staffordshire Terrier) we noticed that she had this little branch off on her paw pad and thought nothing of it because it looked like just a minor paw abnormality at first. We noticed today after being out and playing that it has started to look like this and we aren’t sure if it’s a tumor or whatever it could be. Any information would be very helpful, thank you guys for your time."
199,DogAdvice,Behavior problems with corgi,"Hello all, I've been having serious behavioral problems with my 7M pembroke welsh corgi and he has been targeting my 13M Cairn terrier. We have had both dogs since they were 2-3 months old and though my corgi has always been ""grumpy"" he has never been aggressive with the cairn terrier. My cairn terrier is a very calm old man that is incontinent but never bothered any of our other dogs, aside from occasional food aggression (only with treats.) I'm not sure what to do because he (corgi) has ripped out some of his fur. I want to take him to the vet to see if there's anything I can do but I really want to avoid euthanizing him and he was a birthday present from when I turned 15 years old. Any advice I can do about this?"
200,DogAdvice,"From a video of my dog yawning, how old would you guess he is? We’ve gotten several different opinions over the years after we adopted him. I assume teeth are the best indication of age.",
201,DogAdvice,Pink eye?,"We have a vet appointment Monday, that’s all we could get. We’re going to get some sterile eye wash that the vet recommended. Any other remedies? It doesn’t seem to be bothering him but I feel bad for my poor boy. 11 month old Schnorgi."
202,DogAdvice,Will these dogs get along?,"Sorry, this might be kind of long.  I have 2 dogs, theyre big (about 90lbs) and they've gotten along really well. I've had my male dog for about 9 years and got him at 2 months old. He's very sweet and listens. I got my female dog about 2 years ago as a rescue. We're not sure how old she is but we're guessing about 5 years old.               Since we've had her shes gotten in 2 pretty minor fights with female dogs, one was YESTERDAY, but gets along great with my male dog. 

Anyways, I'm moving in with a friend who has a male dog (same breed as mine) whos about 70lbs. I'm supposed to be taking both of my dogs into move with her and I'm scared they wont get along and something will happen.

Any advice? My best bet was to only have them around each other when we can keep an eye on them for a couple months, so I could drop my dogs off at my Mom's when I have to work.  But since this other fight just happened I dont know what to think."
203,DogAdvice,Advice on prepping apt/ doggo for a smooth post surgery recovery,"oy where to start. Just want to avoid complications or stiches ripping etc etc etc. Not exactly sure how large this will be at the moment either. So I'm just prepping now best I can. 

Ive seen surgical ""suits"" aka doggy onsies, old t shirts but  it says in comments for spay/ neuter surgeries. what about torso/ back-What would protect their insicion/ stich site ? And she hates her leash connected to a collar, and uses a harness- so alternative so that doesnt rub or harm her. 

ALSO-   what things would you get your doggy to enjoy her holiday with this surgery 5 days before xmas AND two toothie extractions.... I just feel so bad and sad for her."
204,DogAdvice,is this normal?,"my female border collie (1.5 years old) always moves in her sleep and i believe that is normal because humans do it too when we sleep. but tonight she is sleeping with her eyes open and moving like this, is this normal?"
205,DogAdvice,"I have a 2 y.o. lab mix. He enjoys all things outdoors, swimming, hiking, etc. He’s brushed, paws wiped, ears cleaned, nails trimmed, and teeth brushed very regularly. However he only gets a bath 2-3 times a year. How often should he be getting a bath?",
206,DogAdvice,I took a picture of my Koko and her pupil looks weird. She has a bit of a cherry eye but I’ve never seen her pupil look like this. Is something wrong?,
207,DogAdvice,Noticed this lil white bump on my dog Zia—infected hair follicle?,
208,DogAdvice,What’s your cure for diarrhea,"My pup is 65 lbs and eats well, however he’s had diarrhea for about 3 days now, I’m not sure what it is but there no other signs of him being uncomfortable, he still eats, no vomiting , playing normally etc. I really can’t afford ANOTHER vet trip right now. We just got  him in august and he’s already been to the emergency animal hospital 4 times already costing us over 3k already. We’ll go if we have to but I want to try home remedies first"
209,DogAdvice,List of core puppy shots?,"Hi, everyone,

I’m getting a puppy next week; she will be 8 weeks old. I’m planning to take her for her first shots two days later. It’s a mobile vet clinic in a feed store, as that’s the place she can get her vaccinations the soonest (this is a fairly rural area).

I’ve never done this before. Is it possible to over-vaccinate? I am nervous about being talked into getting more stuff than she needs at 8 weeks of age. (Plus I’m confused about 5-way shots plus/versus the standalone shots). 

I’ve Googled and searched and looked at printables, but I just need a simple list of the basic (but crucial) vaccines she needs. Can someone guide me? I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide. Thanks!"
210,DogAdvice,Possible ACL tear?,"Hey just looking for some advice, my 9yr old GSD has been limping on his rear leg since last night. He’s able to put some pressure on it but he holds it up a lot, walks with a limp in his step. I’ve tried to inspect it, theres no swelling around his knee he also doesn’t yelp/wince when I was just gently feeling his leg. I don’t know what else it could be. I’ve called a bunch of vets around me, but a bunch of them won’t take new clients or booked out for a week or more."
211,DogAdvice,"hi, my dog Gizmo woke me up at 2:30 last night looking like this (1 &amp; 2.) he looks better now, and is acting normal. does anyone know what it might be/has something similar happened to your dog?",
212,DogAdvice,Help! My sister’s toy poodle just tried to eat the neighbor’s dog.,"The good boy is a bull dog mix and didn’t even realize he was being attacked.  They were both on a leash but I was holding the toy poodle in my arms.  When I put him on the ground he got aggressive and was biting the other dog in the neck!  Due to his tiny size (4lbs), I just picked him back up.  Apologized for my ignorance. The neighbor just laughed.  There was zero damage to the bulldog.  He just seemed confused.  And he was a sweet slow puppy.  I’m so ashamed that I was handling the tiny dog so poorly.  What was the tiny idiot thinking?? Help me Cesar Milan!"
213,DogAdvice,Pet Insurance?,"I just rescued a 5 year old pit terrier. I want to establish a good relationship with a local vet and get pet insurance since something bigger in terms of care for him would be tough for me. 

Any good recommendations for the pet insurance? And good questions to call around and ask vets to see how quality they are?
Any help would be greatly appreciated thank you"
214,DogAdvice,Good idea!!! my dog loves this BAOBRO snuffle mat!! occupy her for a while and bring fun🥰🥳🥳🥳 #dogs #dogslowfeeder #snufflematfordogs,
215,DogAdvice,Do you guys know what breed Leo is??,
216,DogAdvice,Dog strange lick behaviour,"I have adopted her 3 weeks ago and she has this habit of licking or sucking on her tongue (sorry, I don't know how to better explain the behaviour or sound). 
She's a stray, mix of long-wire-haired daschund from what I manage to identify. 

She does this a lot of the time. During the day when she's on the sofa, or her bed. During the evening and the night. 
She seems healthy and without any issues on her teeth, gums, tongue, lips or mouth. 

Her foster parents from whom I took her told me that she was doing that when she was with them as well (they had her for almost 1 year)

Does anyone have any idea what this might be? 

She is not in pain or anything from what I see and I don't mind it at all. I got used to it and I'm even amused by this sometimes xD

Thank you! 

PS: she was not licking herself in the video; the clip is muted due to the background noise"
217,DogAdvice,What time should I be taking my dogs out?,"I have 3 female dogs (now 1 and a half-ish years old). We go on walks at 8-8:30AM, then at 4:30-5PM, then at 10-10:30PM. They don't pee at home or anything, but I'm worried they are holding their business in for too long, granted when we do go out they usually don't rush to go do their business or anything.

Is this schedule fine?"
218,DogAdvice,"does anyone know what breeds she could be? she’s almost 3 months, i have more photos of her on my account. her mom was about knee height and dad is unknown :D",
219,DogAdvice,Dog keeps licking this red bump in between his paws,"Update: took to the vet and they prescribed antibiotics, anti inflammatory, and anti itch. Hoping the bump and rash goes away within 2 weeks. If not, going back to get a check up"
220,DogAdvice,My Dog Spazed Out After Petting Her,"Idk what happened but here’s my dog peanut on her back asking for belly rubs and all of a sudden after I’m finished rubbing her tummy, she gets up twirls around almost chasing her tail, growls and whines while shoving her face near me. It was kind of a scary because she never does anything like that? She was just laying there then out of no where it was almost like she freaked out and was whining to me. Idk does anybody have a Clue abt this?"
221,DogAdvice,My dog got spayed and she is losing weight is that normal. She’s 1 year old I would say she has lost about 5 pounds.,She went in on November 14 and the first two days she didn’t want to eat but now she eats normal drinks water and plays. I limited her play due to the other dogs and she gets very crazy while playing but I have noticed she is looking skinny and he back spinal cord shows but not her ribs.
222,DogAdvice,Dog tail injury,"I think my dog chewed on his tail during the night,seems really itchy,I think because of allergies.I put a cone on him but the spot has seemed to get worse and I think it might be infected.is this something I can treat at home or do I need to take him to the vet?"
223,DogAdvice,Dog tooth discoloration? Noticed about a week ago and hasn’t gone away. Does this warrant a visit to the vet? No inflammation and the tooth isn’t loose either.,
224,DogAdvice,Thanksgiving Plans,"So I am wondering what to do on Thanksgiving.  I can either bring my six month old potty trained puppy, which is a real pain, or leave her at home in a gated room. I will probably be gone for 5-7 hours. She sleeps through the night for at least 7 hours. What do you think?"
225,DogAdvice,Does anyone have an idea what kind of bump this is? My puppy is 9 months old if that helps. Vet has no appointments until next week,
226,DogAdvice,What are the best tips to avoid your dog barking from the balcony.,"He has access to the full house, but when he sees another dogs walking from the balcony starts barking at him. (Not at all dogs, I still don’t understand his logic to bark or not)"
227,DogAdvice,Can I give this food for my pet as a treat? Idk much about nutrition value.. (it’s Roasted Seaweed: Nori),
228,DogAdvice,Dog excited play or aggression?,
229,DogAdvice,Seizure?,"Hi. Posting again as video didn’t upload first time. We are fostering a senior and today she did this. It lasted for around 5 minutes.  She’s also been having random episodes of heavy panting (not related to exercise, or heat).   

I called vet and sent him the video and he just said to monitor it, and if it happens again bring her in. 

Has anyone else experienced anything like this? We have fostered many dogs and have not seen this before."
230,DogAdvice,Frenchie bullies,I have  6 French bulldog babies now  2mths old  I don't  have  enough  money  to continue  taking  care  off  please  who can  help  me adopt  them please am in Atlanta Georgie
231,DogAdvice,Symptoms worsen after vet visit. Where to go from here?,"We went to the vet a few months ago for a suspected uti. She was drinking a bit more than usual and peeing more often on walks. It wasn’t anything too dramatic but just a small notice. There was 1 day she kept asking to go out which prompted the vet visit. 

Urinalysis found suspected bacteria &amp; we were given antibiotics. She toke them for 4 days until the urine culture came back negative in which I stopped. The vet said it was probably not a uti then. During this visit we also did a blood test and x rays but everything was normal except high bilirubin. 

We went back to do another blood test a week or two ago and it’s a different doctor this time (but the same clinic) who is going over the last visit. He mentions something the other vet didn’t which is my dogs urine has a pH of 9 which could indicate a uti. I opted not to do another urinalysis or urine culture because of what the other vet said and just process with blood work. It came back normal. Bilirubin levels were within range. 

These past few days, the drinking water has increased where it’s so noticeable. Few months ago even though I noticed a bit of an increase in intake of water, her pee was still yellow as usual. She generally doesn’t drink that much water anyways. Now it’s like light yellow to clear. And she’s peeing way more often on walks. She’s also gained a few pounds which the 2nd vet noticed. That may or may not be related to the uti symptoms but still something I wanted to mention. 

Idk what to do/ go from here because it seems the vet can’t really figure out what’s going on and blood tests look normal."
232,DogAdvice,Is this a skin tag on my dog? Or do I need to worry?,
233,DogAdvice,How do I know if my new puppy (8 weeks) is being aggressive or just playing with my older dog (1year),
234,DogAdvice,Will my dog be ok?,"Will my dog me ok?

Hello, so yesterday my dog was at a vet visit she was on antibiotics because she ate bad food on Sunday. Now it’s Tuesday and today she ate 2 chicken burritos they were wrapped idk how she got to them but she did. She found a way to eat them, she looks very bloated. Now I can’t afford to take her to the vet again, but can the antibiotics she’s on now work?"
235,DogAdvice,Seizure?,"Hi all. We are fostering a senior dog. This afternoon she had an episode where she was shaking her head rapidl.  It lasted for around 5 minutes.  I think she bit her tongue during it, there was a bit of blood. She was conscious and walking around the whole time. 

I did call the vet and he said to monitor her, and if it happens again they would refer to a neurologist and possibly put on meds, but I’m worried. 

Has anyone experienced this?  We have fostered many many dogs and I have not seen this."
236,DogAdvice,Introducing Cat &amp; Dog,"Next year my boyfriend and I are moving in together. I have a cat (F, Pearl) and he has a dog (M, Cudi). We are thinking about renting a townhome for a while.

Any advice for making this work? Pearl has only been around one puppy and it wasn’t a long interaction. She’s a sweet girl and gets along with other cats, but I have no idea how she’ll be with Cudi. 
Cudi is a husky and can be very territorial (as they usually are). He’s a sweet boy and also gets along with other dogs, but has not been around cats.

Any help is appreciated! Both are indoor pets."
237,DogAdvice,dog won't eat his own food,"I have a 6yo shih tzu/jack russel/Chihuahua mix who will not eat any dog food that is fed to him. I have tried multiple brands, different sizes of kibble, different meats, mixing with wet food, wet alone, etc. He will not eat it. He has absolutely no problem begging for our food or eating the cat food at any opportunity like when we sleep or leave the room. Occasionally he is bold and tries to eat the cat food in front of us. We also dog sit and he is always trying to eat their food. The funny part of that is he will eat their food but it will be the same brand(s) I've tried to feed him either past or presently.

I am pretty sure it is behavioral but I can't figure out why. He is given lots of love, affection, and is a generally well taken care of. I mentioned it to our vet before but they shrugged us off. 

Any ideas?"
238,DogAdvice,unexpected behavior from new dog?,"I have been with my 3 year-old terrier mix buddy for just over 2 weeks now. He’s a rescue dog and it’s been a great experience so far! No in-home potty accidents, no bites, hardly any barking, etc. He’s been very social/friendly with a couple friends (men and women) and my partner. 

But yesterday he acted mysteriously with a friend of mine. He would lightly growl at him, but then would immediately give him kisses after. Then, he would retreat and growl all over again. On this morning’s walk, he growled at the sight of a guy walking nearby. 
This evening, he was friendly with strangers on the walk…no growls or anything.


I’m only confused &amp; concerned because he’s been lovely with me and the few other friends he’s met over the past two weeks. Is this something to be concerned about? Was it just a mood? I’m aware that dogs tend to show their “true colors” after adjustment, but what what would you chalk this all up to?"
239,DogAdvice,atropine sulfate ophthalmic solution,"Does anyone have experience with this eye drop medication? My vet prescribed it for my dogs eye injury in addition to an antibiotic drop. Curious if folks found it helpful. It seems to make my dog keep his eye shut after it’s administered, and I guess I find this surprising. Thanks"
240,DogAdvice,Crate Advice:,"I haven't had a dog in over 16 years but I do try to keep up with what's what.

The only issue I am having is, the dog I am going to foster (my brothers) is a little growly when being out into his crate (or so I am told)

Can I safely leave anything in the crate for him to make it a more positive experience? Or is it like training and sporadically give him treats?

I think part of the problem is this dog doesn't get walked much, so I'm going to be walking him at least twice a day, for at least an hour so hopefully that'll make things a little more easy.

I'm going to get him a nice bed to go there too because it's this safe place.

Info: dog is about 8 years old. Some sort of mutt (will be doing an embark because I am curious) We THINK a chi - terrier mix. He weighs maybe all of 10 pounds."
241,DogAdvice,Nervous/skittish dog help?,"I got my dog in late 2019, wanted to make sure she had all of her important vaccines before I started major socialization (I had plans of her going EVERYWHERE with me) and then Covid happened and I already worked from home. Now I have a 3 year old skittish pandemic puppy.

I've been taking her a lot more places for the past six months or so and she's doing a bit better and is less panicky. Occasionally, she's even excited to see some of my friends and immediately letting them pet her, but if I take her to my boyfriend's place (she's been around him about a dozen times) for a couple of days, she's still nervous the entire time, wants to put off eating, will only sleep if she's on the bed at my feet, etc. She's not panicked, but definitely uncomfy. (I should add that she was excited to see him this past time for the first evening we were there, by day two, she was nervous about him and his place again.)

I've came to terms with her never being the kind of dog that is fine with strangers petting her and most people accept it when I tell them she's skittish and won't let them touch her, but I do wish I could take her on outings without needing to focus so much attention on everyone and everything that's happening at once, because while I don't think she'll bite, I also don't want to set her up for failure either.

Am I doing mostly what I can here and just have to wait/hope for her to come around to new experiences a bit more? Or is there something else I can add in that will help?

A few other notes:  
She's a Husky/GSD mix.  
She isn't at all food or toy driven, so I'm a bit more lost on how to reward good behavior."
242,DogAdvice,How can I help my parents mend the relationship between their willful dog and their curious grandson?,"My parents are both in their upper 60s and have a Soft-Coated Wheaton terrier (about 60 lbs) who is extremely willful. They have a shock collar on him, but he typically isn't deterred from bad behaviors due to inconsistent conditioning and probably sheer carelessness to just do what he wants. My 4.5 year old nephew is growing a bit scared of him, as the dog constantly barks and lurches toward him when my parents are babysitting. My nephew isn't scared when he's sitting with my parents in a chair, even if the dog is sniffing and licking his feet. The dog will constantly follow around my parents if they are carrying my nephew, sometimes jumping up to smell or lick my nephew. My nephew is at the age where he wants to run around our house with toys creating a ton of ruckus. This agitates/excites the dog. My parents have gates around the house which successfully sequester the dog and nephew. However, this usually leads to the dog watching right at the gate door (or running in between gate doors if my nephew is running around), incessantly barking until my nephew fully leaves the house.

&amp;#x200B;

I feel bad because the constant barking is stressful, but I don't know how to help my parents. While they definitely could be diligent with training my dog, a few trainers have called him ""the most willful dog they've ever seen"". I'm hoping to crowdsource some ideas on how my parents could find some peace in their home, but I also don't want my nephew to ""permanently"" have a scared dynamic with our dog. My parents would not rehome the dog. Also my sibling has a less intimidating/aggressive (but probably just as loud, more anxious) dog at home that gets along well with my nephew, so I do think there's potential for my nephew to like the dog."
243,DogAdvice,my senior foster pup might have cushings disease (i think he 100% does..),"i guess this is just a discussion, but im open to advice and if anyone knows anything about it from experience or knowledge. 
(Picture: Snoopy is the big boy, Annie is the little lady!) 

my family and i are fostering (soon to adopt) a senior beagle, he’s 11, and his name is allegedly  “Snoopy.” unfortunately we have little to no information on him, all we know is that his previous owner passed away and the family of the owner wanted to euthanize him. however, in their care, they neutered him at 10 years old. that is all we know about him. from our experience, he is VERY affectionate, he is overweight, he has severe separation anxiety, and he does not respond to his name/commands/sounds. 

we took him to VetCo (petco’s vet, we do not recommend) because we weren’t able to get him into our personal vet yet. anyways, after weeks with that vet, we finally switched and got him into our personal vet. our vet was concerned about Cushing’s disease, and the previous vet had mentioned it too.. because he checks off all the boxes on the symptoms. on top of that, he has chronic ear infections, hearing loss, a heart murmur, and a distant heartbeat (vet said that it’s hard to hear it? it sounds far away… possibly due to him panting  or obesity). we will also have to do a chest X-ray to ensure his lungs and heart are alright. 

i love this dog, he is the sweetest. we put down about $600 or more in vet bills so far, and we plan to put down more to get him tested for Cushing’s disease and X-ray. once they test him, we can get the medication to help give him a quality of life. we are also giving him CBD oil 1-2x daily to help him calm down because his anxiety. 

it just saddens me, knowing that we are going to adopt a dog who’s already a senior, and who’s life could be cut short due to a variety of different reasons. i am also sad because we have another senior beagle, Annie, who is 14 years old too. i know that beagles life expectancy is usually 12-15 years… and my heart breaks just to think about this all."
244,DogAdvice,Plz help my older dog is terrified of my new puppy,"My dog (2 years old) is scared of my new puppy (10 weeks old)
My family just got a new puppy and our older dog is scared of him. Every time the new dog comes to play with the older dog the older dog runs away in fear, every time my older dog has a toy and the puppy comes running at him the older dog drops the toy and runs.

The older dog seems to be depressed and is not eating his food like he used to and is now totally rejecting treats. We separate the dogs a lot so they can have alone time from each other and we always make the time to show the older dog love so he doesn’t feel left out or replaced

How do I get my older dog to toughen up and will my older dog be depressed forever?"
245,DogAdvice,Does anyone know what this is? I woke up &amp; my dog was bleeding everywhere. I thought her nail fell off but once I got her paw cleaned I noticed it was coming from this weird pink thing. She won’t let me touch it because it’s hurting her &amp; she’s limping.,
246,DogAdvice,"Gosh, this might not be the right place.",What do you do about others feeding your dog? Recently I let my six month old puppy go to my moms for the day while I was at work and I asked her to send a picture of him and she sent me a picture of his head in a yoghurt cup... I got pretty upset because we are training him to not care for human food or bug us what we’re eating. How to do you talk to someone who doesn’t care for the training you’re doing with your dog.
247,DogAdvice,Dog brushing routine advice.,"I brush my dogs’ teeth daily with enzyme toothpaste about an hour after the evening meal, but I’m wondering if there’s specific times of day that are best to brush their teeth?

Last thing before bed, or after a meal, or at the start of the day, or does it probably not matter?

And since I give medications right after tooth brushing, I tend to use the peanut butter meds as a treat for letting me brush. But just now I saw my girl’s teeth had peanut butter on and it made me think, am I negating the effects of tooth brushing by instantly covering the teeth in peanut butter?? XD

I can’t find specific guidelines on best times to brush, just lots of advice about how to get your dogs to accept it, which I don’t need! Any advice or thoughts welcome."
248,DogAdvice,Lung mass in Pomeranian puppy,"My mum has a 10 month old Pomeranian. She’s had a hacking type cough for a few months (usually when she gets excited). We took her to a vet who gave some medication which showed some improvement until it ran out. We took her to another vet who did a full physical and suspected a collapsed trachea but wanted to do some X-rays first. Apparently there’s a mass on her lung which she says is not cancerous (not sure what indicates that on an X-ray) but she doesn’t know what it could be so she’s going to start her on medication and see how that goes before investigating any further.

Other than the coughing she is perfectly healthy, happy and has not acted abnormal at all. She’s very cheery and super friendly, and the vet said her physical exam was perfect.

If the vet has ruled out cancer, is there anything else it could that’s life threatening? My mum is absolutely distraught and whilst I know this isn’t medical advice I’m just wondering if anyone has experienced anything similar and could shed some light?"
249,DogAdvice,Ongoing Digestive Issues,"My English Springer Spaniel Roxy (8 years old, female) has been having ongoing digestive issues for about 2 months now. We've been back and forth to the vet many times. This all started around September 25th.

It started out as painful gas. She would cry and pace for an hour to 2 hours. Eventually I'd get her to settle, put the heating pad on her belly and she would pass some really smelly farts and then just go to sleep. It was progressively becoming more frequent so we knew she needed to get into the vet. We called the vet and the first appointment was 2 weeks out. But they prescribed us a probiotic and recommended trying Beano over the counter with dinner and told us to try a bland diet of Chicken and Rice in the meantime.

Then we finally went to her appointment and got her bloodwork and a stool sample analyzed. Stool sample was normal, bloodwork only showed her Phosphate level was a little low, not really conclusive of anything. Vet prescribed a prescription diet Purina Gastro EN and said we could also use Gas X whenever she had an episode. We were slowly transitioning to the new diet and things were looking better. We only had about 3 gas episodes during the transition rather than every single night and whenever an episode was coming on we would give her Gas X and it would resolve in a half hour. So we learned how to treat it, but not what's causing it.

We scheduled an abdominal ultrasound. We lost our last dog really suddenly and wanted to be sure this wasn't something serious. Meanwhile the day before the ultrasound we had almost finished transitioning to the new diet, but suddenly she has diarrhea. So we go back to chicken and rice. She fluctuated between bouts of bad diarrhea and semi solid stool, we are now on day 4 of diarrhea. We have tried fasting for 12 hours. Then small frequent meals of chicken and rice. On day 3 we also added a spoonful of pumpkin. Probiotics in the morning, beano at night. Today we returned to the vet for repeat bloodwork and they gave us Flagyl for the diarrhea. Meanwhile my dad and I also had terrible diarrhea as well. So it's possible that it's a diarrhea bug that we all caught and is actually a separate issue from the gas..

It's a huge relief that her ultrasound was normal and didn't show a tumor or anything. But I'm also frustrated that we have no real answers for what's going on with Roxy. She's lost 7 pounds. I'm frustrated that everyone just keeps telling me to keep doing what I'm doing. I'm frustrated that I called the vet over and over and Roxy had to have diarrhea for four days before someone finally prescribed something. I'm hopeful that we can get her stable and that this is a bug and all she needed was a different diet. I love this dog so much.. I'm exhausted. I've spent so many nights up with her with either diarrhea or gas. Everytime I take her out I'm so anxious that she's gonna have more diarrhea."
250,DogAdvice,Looking for best quality covered dog bed,"I am wondering if anyone has suggestions for good best quality covered dog beds out there. My dog loves to burrow and her old bed is needing an upgrade. Looking for any suggestions.

Bonus if it is memory foam and if it can be shipped to Canada. Thanks in advance!"
251,DogAdvice,Help and advice on TICKS,"So I have a 10 year old dog that I’ve had since she’s been a puppy. She’s never had fleas or ticks but last month after taking her to the park she did pick up a tick. Being that this is my first time dealing with a pet with ticks it freaked me out. Took her to the vet to have it removed etc 

After being lucky for 10 years the vet said that we should do a topical preventative for her. Not something I want my poor baby to go through again. 

I typically give her a bath after being out in the woods and park and check to see if I see anything now.

After doing the first topical treatment says to put it in three or four spots on her fur. 

She’s a small dog a little bit under 10 lbs. I purchased the  k9 advantix ii small dog there still seems to be some in a tube??? 

If she has ticks on her will they die and fall off??? Should I just discard the tube that’s been open and used"
252,DogAdvice,"This is stuck to my dog, should i pull it i don't know what it is?",
253,DogAdvice,My dog refuses to play by herself and knows how to .she just refuses,"So whats the deal with that?!?! I have every type of toy from balls to chewables to dog puzzles to WHATEVER!!!  i put treats in the toys, i play with her for at least 30 min to give her the want to play and slowly pass the ball off to her. SHE STOPS EVERYTHING AND LOOKS AT ME LIKE A BALL SLAVE, i know i need to play with her and i do but she just stops when she realises im not going to keep going anf gets heself worked up. SHE REFUSES TO DO ANYTHING WHILE IM NOT HOME, REFUSES!!!!!@!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. she would rather wait 9 hours (i get off before my girlfriend most of the time) and ill get nothing ill play with a  ball, frisbe, tug of rope, PLUSH TOYS O ALL THOSE THINGS AND THEN SOME. WHAT DOES SHE DO FOR THE 2 TO 4 HRS IM HOME. NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ive tried engage her for like hour and she coupdnt care.She will only play and do anything at all is when my girlfiend gets home at 8ish. BUT WAIT ITS 10 PM ? SHE WILL JUMP AND TOSS HER BALL OR TOY LIKE SHES OUTSIDE?????? SHE WILL JUMP AND TOSS THAT TOY ANF RUN AROUND THE APT LIKE A DOG PARK AFTER 10. HOW MANY TIMES HAVE I PLAYED WITH THIS DOG AFTER 9 NONE, NONE AT ALLL. LITERALLY NOT ONCE HAVE I DONE ANYTHING PAST 9 PM. whats the problem???  I know some dogs will not play by themselves. But this i think is NOT one of those dogs. Ill try to play with her before work, ill put the same toys in her kennel to get her to think thier hers, NOTHING!!!!!! anything i can do that im not doing, forgetting or just ignorant of??? Beacuse this is dumb and i feel like im going crazy"
254,DogAdvice,9 week old puppy waking up from sleep itching,"Hello, I have a 9 week old puppy (his first night with me tonight) he's a pomerian boy.

I've been watching him for the past few hours whilst he's been sleeping and he keeps waking up every few minutes to scratch, and then changing positions sometimes getting completely up to lay somewhere else.. it seems like the scratching is keeping him awake and that changing positions a lot will hopefully help, but it doesn't 

I'm worried puppy won't be able to get a good sleep? Should I be concerned or is this normal? Thanks"
255,DogAdvice,Is this a skin tag on my dogs chin?,
256,DogAdvice,why does my shiba inu hide under our bed most of the day?,"When i'm home by myself and when my gf is home with me, the dog sometimes goes under there too. He's not scared and just wants to be there. Is it a shiba thing? I guess he feels safe there."
257,DogAdvice,dog freely roaming the park,"Just curious what you guys would have done. Nothing bad happen juste a little stressful experience. 

 I was arriving at an open parks where dog are allowed on leash.  An unleashed dog arrived to great my dog their owners 100/200 meters behind. I trust my dog recall a good amount and I know you don't mix leashed and unleashed dog so I let go of the leash. Other dogs arrive all seems good but after small greetings other dogs start growling at my dog... I start to get away my dog follow me and other dog follow my dog...  After maybe 300 meter and some growling other dogs lose interest and leave. I leash my dog and no harm happen. 

What would you guys have done. What if it was two months ago when she didn't have good recall. What if other dogs start escalating."
258,DogAdvice,Trying to get advice prior to foster dog arriving: how to stop marking and humping,"As the title suggests, I am looking to get all my ducks in a row before he comes next month.

My brother informs me the dog cannot have a bed in his crate because he humps, supposedly he marks, and he poos when he's excited??


I think for humping (he says it's dominance but hasn't that been debunked?) getting him more exercise should help right? Right now he gets maybe, and I do mean maybe, a 5 minute walk everyday or every other day.

Marking- he is intact but he is also 8?(we think) I will be speaking to my vet about neutering and if it's safe for his age but what enzyme cleaner would be best to help with marking and to prevent it?

Excited poo- I don't even know where to begin. I was told even if he was outside and pooped, he still does it when he's excited?

I am doing an embark test on him because I feel knowing his breeds might help. Brother states he's a chi/Yorkie but I see a chi/Jack Russel."
259,DogAdvice,Dog literally eats the floor,"7 mo GSD, i know some dogs are more chew-wired than others and i know that puppies are tough, but he is literally eating the floor. I take him on two good walks a day and we play in between. At the moment he's low on toys as he's chewed through all but two, but those are still available to him. I also give him a chew stick for short periods of time.   


That being said, whenever there's nothing in his mouth, there's a good chance he'll look for something. He's torn holes in 3 of my blankets, chewed pieces of the wall, destroyed some wooden furniture that was in his room, and as you know, he is eating the floor. What am I supposed to do? I can't possibly entertain him 24/7."
260,DogAdvice,Giving the gift of dog…,"One of My oldest friends wife and kids want a dog. He said no. If I draw him for secret Santa, I’ve gotten his wife’s permission to gift a puppy. These are kind, sweet responsible financially able people. That the entire family is on board is the only reason I would consider this. Wife assured me my open invitation to their home would remain in place no matter what husband says. What’s best way to do this?

It’s important I get something that fits their lifestyle. Do I solicit the kids input (8 and 4)? Just ask wife to do it and send me an invoice?  Tell them to visit a particular rescue and tell the rescue to bill me for all costs?"
261,DogAdvice,Introducing new puppy help,"I bought a new puppy today and introduced him to my older dog (1 year old) and he was so happy and playful the thing is my new puppy was terrified and screaming as soon as he saw my other dog, any advice please on what i can do to get my new puppy to trust my other dog and not be scared of him? Thanks in advance"
262,DogAdvice,Dog Walks- We have 3,"Hi! I was wondering if there’s any advice that could be provided for my spouse and I. We have three dogs that we love dearly but due to our work schedules it can be difficult to walk all three together.

Our dogs are 11, 9 and 2. Our two year old very much has attachment anxieties when she’s felt left out.  She’s a COVID puppy and we’ve been working still on the pack dynamics.

The other thing is our 11 year old can easily walk more than the other two.  His energy requires longer walks than the other two.  Our nine year old has a little bit of arthritis and we’re working to reduce her weight a bit.  But we’re not comfortable pushing her beyond 1.5 miles even though she loves it.

If there’s more information needed I can certainly add it.  Any thoughts on how to manage this would be appreciated!  

If it helps I’m usually up earlier. The two year old and 11 year old get up with me, I let them out for potty break and usually feed them first."
263,DogAdvice,Urgent🚨 help needed for this dog 🐕,
264,DogAdvice,"Strange puppy behavior, she smelled me and then humped the air???","Hey! So obligatory info about my dog, she’s a 5 month old golden retreiver.

As I was getting ready for a bath she proceeded to sniff my crotch and butt multiple times and then hump the air after each try. As well as humping the air as I stepped into the bath. 

Is there any particular reason for this behavior? 

Currently she’s just sorta staring at me and wandering the bathroom, occasionally making a whimper."
265,DogAdvice,Hartz brand?,"I’ve heard some scary things about Hartz dog products, like causing death in dogs. I just realized the chews called “oinkies” I’ve been giving my dog are Hartz brand. I’ve given these to my dog before and she’s been fine but after seeing that brand now I’m nervous to give her any more. Do any of you have experience with Hartz? Are their chews safe? Everything I’m finding online about the chews seem alright but I’ve heard stories about their other products."
266,DogAdvice,ISO DOG TOY,Hi everyone! I bought my dog a hedgehog with a low squeak. She tore the face off same-day LOL but the squeaker is still good. I’ve been searching for a toy to put the squeaker in and can’t seem to find one. Any recs? Photo of squeaker with my hand for size reference.
267,DogAdvice,Should I let my dog on the couch?,"We adopted a black lab mix about a month ago. We highly suspect that he has some Boxer and Pitty mixed in there and generally, he’s pretty great.  The only thing is that he has started to become mouthy and we think he does that when he wants attention. This whole month he has not been allowed on the couch despite desperate and basically constant attempts. This mouthing comes immediately after he asks to be on the couch and is told “off” multiple times. Should we just give in and let him on the couch?

We’ve both caved twice each and while he’s on the couch he just snuggles for 20 minutes and then returns to his own bed. At this point it’s exhausting constantly monitoring him and the only way he will stay off long term is if we yell which we hate. If we crate him (about 20 minutes) we only get a 2-5 minute break and then he’s back to wanting on the couch and mouthing when he doesn’t get his way.

So please help! Should we give in? Stay strong? What has been your experience?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/z66rhs)"
268,DogAdvice,4yr old afraid of stairs,"Hey! Recently became dog parent of a beautiful retired racing greyhound, he is a delight all around. Unfortunately, he is afraid of the stairs.
He was in a foster home before coming home with us and they said they've worked on stairs with him but I'm having a difficult time believing that. 
He's not really treat motivated, we've tried multiple different treats but still nothing. The only thing that's ""worked"" is physically picking his legs up and placing them on each step. We've done this every day since we got him (maybe a week and 1/2) and he still doesn't seem to understand how to go about the stairs on his own. 
He will go down the stairs on his own though. 

Does anyone have any advice or pointers on how to help our lil guy up the stairs?
 
(Yes, we do try to let him figure it out while we have him on the stairs but he just freezes and shakes..he is very nervous.)"
269,DogAdvice,Urinary incontinence in 8m spayed pup,"Hi all, 

I adopted my puppy from a shelter at 6 months old- she was already spayed when we adopted her. Since day 1 we noticed that she was having frequent pee accidents in the house. I suspected a UTI and it turned out to be the case (even though the vet was skeptical, I was adamant that it wasn’t just behavioral). The uti was still there after a week of antibiotics. The vet then suggested to do a month long course of antibiotics, which we are now coming to the end of. 

Now and a few times previously I have noticed that my pup sometimes leaks urine when she’s sleeping.

I am taking her back for a follow up with the vet this week, but she has had a radiograph in the last month to rule out stones. 

I’m wondering if anyone out there has had a similar experience with a pup that was spayed very young? Is it poor muscle tone?

Or has anyone experienced incontinence in dogs who receive calming treats with hemp seed powder? (She takes two of the Zesty paws calming bites daily as recommended by the brand for her weight) I’m considering taking this out of her regiment as an experiment to see if there are any improvements until we actually see the vet. 

Any insight appreciated!"
270,DogAdvice,Urinary incontinence in 8 month old spayed pup,[deleted]
271,DogAdvice,What could be causing my dogs poop to look like this.,
272,DogAdvice,"If I adopt a puppy, would he cause loud noises in our building?",I live alone and been considering researching adopting a puppy. If I get him young enough would I be able to train him not to bark in our building? As we can’t have constant barking here or else I could get in trouble. If so would it be fairly easy?
273,DogAdvice,"How to get my dog to stop doing ""that"" to my leg? It's a female shih tzu...","I am getting a bit annoyed now... It's been almost a week already. Lately, my dog now considers me as her favorite in the family and would get excited, follow me everytime I walk around the house and start jumping on my leg and do something strange.

I understand humping for both male and female dogs are to show that they are happy, loving or reducing anxiety, but now it's been done more often. Tasha was never like this before. I honestly forgot how the behavior started but she is like this since 4 days ago. Tasha's nails are also very long and she refuses to have them cut, so it makes the humping even more suffering with her scratching me.

Even if I tried to move my leg to get her off, or command her to not do so, she will come back and do just that. What is another way to get her from humping me everytime I am around?"
274,DogAdvice,1 y/o male chocolate lab with chronic ear infections/red splotches on stomach and under arms,
275,DogAdvice,Fleas 🚫,"i’ve recently moved in with a few roommates, of course i brought my dog.
my roommates also have a dog but theirs has fleas and they have gotten into my dog. 
my dog usually takes advantus and he’s never has fleas until now. 
any suggestions on new flea preventative or remedies?"
276,DogAdvice,Help!!!! my dog just ate chocolate. I tried to take it from him but he became aggressive and bit me Our vet is closed.What should i do???,
277,DogAdvice,Helppp,"Help!!!!
my dog just ate chocolate.
I tried to take it from him but he became aggressive and bit me.
Our vet is closed.What should i do???"
278,DogAdvice,"Sorry if this is a dumb question, but as an immunocomp should I be careful about handling dogs that excessively drool?","A random thought hit me and I was wondering how dangerous it would be if I were to live with an excessively wet dog that drools as much as they breathe. 

I live with a Doberman as my service dog and the only time I ever see him drool is for very specific treats. 

Out of fear I never hand treats/toys/etc., over when he’s drooling a lot. I just toss it to him and then wash hands thoroughly."
279,DogAdvice,Puppy scratched eye sclera?,"I have sent an image to my vet for their opinion on the matter (image attached to this post) but was wondering in the meantime if anyone has any advice or if the scratch appears particularly concerning? It may have been scratched by our cat although it could also be from rummaging in bushes etc.

It has only happened some time in the second half of yesterday, puppy is acting completely normal and have not noticed any squinting or fluid from the eye.

[https://imgur.com/a/Ey67R1p](https://imgur.com/a/Ey67R1p)"
280,DogAdvice,Is the redness normal? What could it mean,
281,DogAdvice,Are both these bag carrying positions safe for my dog's spine?,
282,DogAdvice,Isolation Stress - Part Two,"My last post was really a typical post about separation anxiety or isolation stress, and the automod posted some useful links for advice to follow, so I'll start that asap.

This post is more about some specific advice to manage the situation as I attempt to resolve it.

Basically, the dog barks through the night, I get up, try to settle him back in his crate, which never works, so I end up letting him in the living room to sleep on the sofa. I (try to) sleep on the other sofa, so he's doubly rewarded by getting to sleep on the sofa AND have me there with him.

The alternative, that I've just thought about while I lie awake on the sofa after another night of barely any sleep, is to actually set up a camp bed in the kitchen to see if he will then sleep through the night, and allow the rest of the house (and neighbours) to actually get some sleep.

I'm just wondering what the least-worst option is right now to save the family's sanity - keep letting him in the living room to sleep when he wakes up during the night, or seeing if he'll sleep though with me on a camp bed in the kitchen with him? I'm not sure right now what the exit strategy for either of those options is!

He's probably sleeping though the night without waling up one night in four - so he can do it.

Any thoughts?!"
283,DogAdvice,what did i do wrong?,"Ps: crossplat post
Happy holidays everyone!!
I need advice. I have a 2 year old sdit. And for the last week and a half he has been acting ....
"" Differently"" he doesn't want to task.when i get him do commands he ""breaks"" it . I have used the vibration function on the Ecollar to correct him plus treats when he does it correctly. But he just keeps breaking. On top of that he seems to ""walk quickly"" away from men. He doesn't growl. Never tried to bite anyone. But he is definitely starting to act differently around men.does anyone have any advice on how i can help him feel better about the interactions?. Or opinions of the situation.he is usually fine with men."
284,DogAdvice,Is My Dog Stressed Out Around Me?,"From what I read online is that when your dog starts panting out of nowhere it usually is a sign of stress, that plus excessive licking to their privates…
I’m probably reading into this too much but everytime my baby is laying down and I join her she starts to pant, almost hyperventilating? She also licks her privates like crazy?? Apparently licking is a form of self soothing. 

I never yell or “punish” her, idk why she would be stressed out? I give her lots of hugs and kisses and treats! :(
(I’m also a new dog dad, so pls take what I say with a grain of salt)"
285,DogAdvice,My dog always breathes like this while sleeping. Is this normal? She is an american bully.,
286,DogAdvice,Doggy Allergies??,"Hi so this might be a bit jumbled because  honestly I’m freaking out a lot. 

My dog is 5yrs old and when she came inside after running around in the yard this evening I noticed her face was quickly swelling up. I gave her an antihistamine, she’s breathing/behaving normally, and is asleep right now. 

But I’m still worried to go to sleep because I don’t want her to go into shock while I’m unconscious.

I know I’m probably stressing for no reason but I’d appreciate any advice/calming words 

TL;DR - My dog’s face is swelling up and she is behaving normally and is sleeping soundly. And even though I gave her an antihistamine I’m still worried and would appreciate any kind words/advice"
287,DogAdvice,help,my chihuahua (she’s less than a year old) ate a Twix fun size milk chocolate bar. my dad doesn’t have money to pay for an emergency vet bill nor can he pay the $99 fee for the animal poison control. i don’t know what to do :(
288,DogAdvice,Prozac for this dog... What's the story / Can they go without?,"I'm ab outdoorsy kinda guy. I'm a fan of ""big dog"" behaviour. Get them in the water, hiking, jogging, and do the dog parks. Let them exercise, eat, rest, and be loved. Simple really.

Now, I'm dogsitting two little Spoodles. They have a stunning home, but they don't get much exercise I'm thinking - spoiled indoor pooches. They are different / needy like I've never seen. One is on Prozac. It's a proper pain trying to force it down its mouth (hidden in treats, it's spit out).

So. Question. I'm going to make the outdoor dogs in the next two weeks. Exercise. Other dogs. Parks. Rest, etc... I'm hoping ""activity"" will stimulate the brain / tire the out to replace the drugs.

Will the Prozac be necessary? Thoughts? Thanks in advance for any advice."
289,DogAdvice,My dog is constantly swaying/ shaking since last night. Anyone know what is it ?,
290,DogAdvice,Winter blues,"So, I have a lovely 8/9 old lab. She’s getting to that age of her senior years, but also has a good amount of energy and strict routine. The issue is that I live in S.E. Idaho, which once it snows EVERYTHING turns into an ice rink (and constantly 3-4 inches of snow). I’m so afraid of her getting hurt since she’s getting older. She usually gets two walks in the evening, but I’m terrified to walk her lately. Is there anything that you can think of that we can do to burn her energy up indoors or something obvious that I can do to help? She gets stir crazy if she doesn’t get out but I’m too afraid to walk our normal routes right now. There isn’t any indoor public areas for dogs either nearby 😵‍💫"
291,DogAdvice,My dog is constantly swaying since last night. Anyone know what is it? Or what causes this behavior?,
292,DogAdvice,Help getting dog to take liquid medicine?,"My dog ate a wooden skewer that perforated and led to a giant abscess so he has a bunch of antibiotics to take. They smell acidic like lemonade so he wants nothing to do with them. I'm really hoping someone has tricks that can help us.

He's on a bland diet because of associated GI distress so I'm really limited on what I can mix it with to get him to take it. I tried mixing it with the chicken and rice, he's refusing to eat it even though he's hungry.

My dog is a bit on the reactive/high strung side. He isn't aggressive but he will bite if I invade his space too much. He's also wary of us because he was manhandled (understandably) at the vet and he isn't feeling well. So even getting to his mouth with the syringe without him showing his teeth or snapping is a challenge.

He has an open wound where they drained the abscess so it can continue to drain so I really don't want to wrestle him and risk hurting him.

Thank you in advance."
293,DogAdvice,Advice please,"Hi I'm hoping to get some advice. My dog slipped on the floor in my apartment and now refuses to walk on it. I put yoga mats down for him to walk on which was good enough until he realized that the floor in the hallways of my apartment building have the same flooring. I can barely get him out for a pee now. He's too heavy for me to lift. How do I get him to walk on it again?
Thanks in advance!!"
294,DogAdvice,2 year old dog learning to be alone,Me and my partner split and we have a dog. I am wanting to take him with me but I’m nervous that he will be depressed as he is currently living with three other dogs and always having someone around. I work 8-10 hours a day and he would be alone at that time. How would someone go about teaching there dog to be alone if they’ve always lived with dogs and always had a person around.
295,DogAdvice,My dogs pads are pretty dry and now he has a crack on the left side. It looks like it could’ve split. My dog is uncomfortable and limping when he walks and trying to hold his leg up. Anything I can do to help him feel less irritation? I tried wrapping it but he keeps taking it off,
296,DogAdvice,Am I overstimulating my food-motivated dog to the point of urination in the house?,"Hi friends, first time rescue mum over here. I’m learning all I can about my new dog—it’s information overload on the web/YouTube so your advice and perspectives are very appreciated.

We adopted our wonderful Raya (2F) from the shelter 3 weeks ago. I’ve observed she LOVES food, nothing she won’t do for a training treat and mealtime is her favorite time. Raya loves the kibble dispensing toys, Lick Mats, Snuffle Mats, stuffed Kongs, you name it. I work from home, so I’m happy to give her these things throughout the day to keep her occupied.

But Raya is frequently peeing in the house (1-2x daily for weeks) despite being healthy and taken outside frequently and given lavish praise/treats for toileting outside. Usually a few ounces of urine in the same spots each time, and I never catch her doing it. 

Seems like whenever I take my eyes off her to focus on something else (my dish, the stove, vacuuming), she’ll stealth-pee and act like nothing happened. I don’t discipline/yell at her or anything, of course.

What’s usually happening when she pees—we’re eating, there’s people food around (I cook a lot), she’s playing with her Wobble (kibble dispensing toy), she’s got some sort of food toy like a Snuffle mat, I’ve left the room and she’s alone or with husband (who she likes but she spends far less time with), I’m vacuuming (I crate her and go slowly/avoid her area to not scare her).

Raya gets 2-3 25+ min walks + quick potty breaks daily, I’d guess she’s outside every few hours (I even set timers). But she’s quite content snoozing on the couch all day.

I’m wondering if it’s possible I’ve rushed her transition to a new home and overloaded her, especially with too much high stimulus food toy time? 

My initial approach was to build up her confidence being alone, since she’d whine/pace/be destructive whenever I’d leave the floor. Also it seemed like she spent a lot of time snoozing or following me around. So, I started giving her a lot of food toy distractions and leave, hoping she’d associate good things with being alone.

What’s going on and what could I be doing wrong? How can I stop the inappropriate peeing?

Thanks in advance, everyone."
297,DogAdvice,Neighbors complaining about my dog…,"I have lived in my current apartments for more than 3 years and have had my dog for as of today 1 year and 8 months, a maltipoo that weighs no more than 8.5 pounds. I had downstairs neighbors who were always great and our friends, never seemed to complain about a single thing and even then we would acknowledge if we were a bit loud and apologize to them when we could. There were over 3 people living in that apartment and they had a dog the same as us so my dog was always able to play around with their dog and we all got along great. Eventually though they moved and in came new neighbors and no more than a few weeks later we began to hear them hitting their roof with most likely a broom and at first we didn’t know what it was for as we all tend to stay in our rooms or on the couch, but as time went on we noticed this was happening while my dog ran around with zoomies. Eventually we got a note on our door stating they were tired of the noise and have knocked on our door many times to speak to our face about the matter, but it never said anything about the disturbance of sleep or work mind you, and they said they would hear it more in the afternoon than any other time which no one is home from 11-4 so we had a chat with them face to face and explained the noise as well as introduced our pet to them to clear it up. So we apologized and went our way but fast forward maybe not 2 days later we’re hearing the banging again after trying our best to keep our dog calm and sat, but with the endless hitting of the roof we begin to care less and less and become more annoyed with them as we are try our best to keep our dog quiet and no later than 8:30 too and it’s to be courteous but I will admit I’ve come home at maybe 12 am before and have seen then up and moving almost seems they never sleep, but nonetheless even during the day and afternoon the sound seems still too much and they are constantly complaining. We have carpet, the apartments allow pets, my dog doesn’t have overly long nails as he gets groomed regularly, and the zoomies never last past maybe 10 minutes. We’ve tried everything from speaking to them and addressing the problem which we thought would help them understand us more to keeping our dog quiet, and leaving the balcony doors open for him to sit outside (we have protective railing) and maybe play in. So after all this what more can I do? It seems like they’ll never be pleased."
298,DogAdvice,What is this on my dog’s snout!?,"Noticed this a few hours ago. Behavior is normal, eating and drinking fine. 

Gave my dog Ham earlier and thought it could be an allergic reaction. However, after doing more research I’m concerned it  could be ringworm or a bite.

My emergency vet said it sounds like a skin issue and they don’t have many treatment options for that and recommended primary vet. They are closed until Monday and it’s hard to get appointments.

Any ideas on what it could be? Thanks!"
299,DogAdvice,"Dog only eats bologna, turkey, and hot dogs. This can’t be good for them right?","I’m dog sitting the cutest lil shih tzu. He’s blind, so they definitely spoil him to make up for it. He’s 12 &amp; lives a very very happy life and sleeps a lot. 

But he barely eats, i’ve been with him for a week and haven’t had to fill up his dry food bowl once, he doesn’t touch it. It stays out all day for him to eat as he pleases. He’s given a good amount of turkey slices for breakfast hand fed, (just store bought deli sandwich meat), then he gets turkey or bologna as a treat every time he goes out. Then for dinner, after his walk they heat up a hot dog in the microwave and cut it up and put it in his dry food, but he just picks the hot dog pieces out then stops eating.

For years they actually only fed him bologna and didn’t even buy dry food. This bothers me so much because there is soooo much salt in bologna. Their argument is that “he’s blind so he deserves a treat” and “it’s the only thing he eats” and “he’s old so it doesn’t matter anyways”. 

Are they hurting him? Is this okay? He seems content and happy, I just worry it’s too much processed meat and salt."
300,DogAdvice,I can't tell if my dream to own a dog is stupid or not,"I can't tell if I'm not being supported enough or if I'm just being stupid

Since I was really young, I've always wanted a papillon dog (tiny dog with pretty ears for those who don't know).  Even when I was a child and didn't know the breed I would draw that exact dog on my school work constantly.


A few months ago I got a dog, a german shepherd puppy, which caused me to have a panic attack since she was so big and clumsy and I worried she would hurt my cat. With a heavy heart, I had to give her away. I was convinced to consider a other cat instead, but deep down I knew I didn't want another cat. I want to take care of a dog. My sister can do it, why can't I?


The problem now is my mother. She's really upsetting me telling me I can't handle a dog when she knows the reason I freaked out. An adult, small, calm temperament dog fixes the problem, and she recommended the solution in the first place. But now she's saying I can't do it and it's breaking my heart. My cat would love some company, he's fine around dogs and loves when other cats come to the window (they don't like him as much as he likes them though).


Am I going mad? Am I really not able to handle a dog? Just thinking about giving up on my dream of owning one has me in tears. Help?"
301,DogAdvice,2 yo dog is constantly seeking an escape,"We adopted our pup around two years ago when she was approximately 3 months old. One of her littermates had a DNA test done and they are true mutts, but their closest breed matches were Australian Cattle Dog &amp; Boxer. In most aspects, she is a fantastic dog. Loyal, smart, energetic, sweet, and a great big sister to our 5 month old shepherd. 

However, whenever she is let outside she seeks an escape, no matter where or how much space she’s given. We live in the city but have a reasonably-sized fenced in yard. She is CONSTANTLY searching for or creating holes in the fence trying to escape. When she’s at the dog park, which is a massive space of land, she is sniffing the perimeter searching for a way to leave. When we visit my mom, who lives on an acre+ of fenced in land and has other dogs for her to play with, she STILL seeks a way to leave.

When we picked her up for adoption, she was flagged by the agency as a flight risk, which we took to mean she would flee when panicked or scared. We were gentle in our care and have done all we know how to do to make her comfortable. We do not believe she is fleeing from fear, just maybe curiosity and boredom.

She does not lack in enrichment and exercise. She goes for long walks, runs around like crazy in our yard, visits the dog park almost every day, and plays with our other dog 24/7. She eats well, sleeps well, etc.

Has anyone dealt with this before? We would love any insight and advice. We of course take all precautions to keep her safe, especially in the city, and we don’t leave her out for long stretches, and never alone. But it feels like every time we let our guard down she finds a way to get out. Thank you in advance!"
302,DogAdvice,Does anyone in this subreddit have pet insurance on their animals?,"If you do, is it worth it? Do they truly cover a good amount of any costs of emergencies?

I had adopted a puppy a year ago who sadly passed away from the Parvo virus shortly after adoption.

(His around the clock treatment and monitoring at the animal hospital cost me more about 6,000 and some change)

I want to adopt again eventually within the next year or so, but this time around I want pet insurance right out the gate.
My mother however mentioned to me how she knew someone who had a dog that needed hip surgery and they had their dog insured and apparently it didn’t help much so now I’m looking to hear what other peoples opinions are who have it and used it."
303,DogAdvice,My Shiba inu is overweight and im trying to find a diet that works for him,"I have a male , shiba inu age 5, who is incredibly lazy and even though I try to get him exercise and bring him for walks, he hates every minute of it. He fights me after a block and tries to pull back every minute after that. For the most part he just wants to hang out, sleep and lay in the sun, which im okay with, but im worried about his weight. 

Hes gaining weight and I decided to pick up an autofeeder to try to cut down and view how much food hes eating. Im using the [wopet smart feeder shown here](https://www.amazon.com/WOPET-Automatic-Dispenser-Distribution-Recorder/dp/B089GG57QL?ref_=ast_sto_dp) but having trouble finding out how much or how often I should dispense food to put him on a diet. 

Does anyone have any recommendations of resources, or how much and how often I should be feeding him? The unit of measurement on the app is in portions which are roughly 5g of food I believe. Any help would be greatly appreciated."
304,DogAdvice,Advice on bathroom training a bit older dog,So my family got a dog from our neighbor they no longer could keep. She’s around 4 or 5 years old but she grew up learning on pee pads. We now are trying to train her outside and she will go outside but the pee pad instincts are still there so she will pee on any mats in the house. What’s odd though is if we leave the house for 8 hours she won’t do anything to the mats but if we go to the basement without her then she’s likely to pee on them. Does anyone have experience snapping a pee pad habit from a dog?
305,DogAdvice,Any help/advice for my dying dog ?,"He is 15years old pomeranian and since last week he stopped walking. I took him to the hospital multiple times and found out his kidney is failing, and has stones in his bladder. His creatin level was 8. The doctor said there's not much they can do, except transfusion but he is too old to do any such treatments.        
Since yesterday he's unable to pass urine, and barely walks. most of the time simply stands there motionless. Today I took him to the pet hospital and they took the urine there at the hospital. Today he's crying again and I am going to take him to the hospital again to do the same.  I know age is a big factor, but is there any tips to improve his health ? He's everything to me and I can't sleep at all. :/"
306,DogAdvice,Why won't my dog stop growling at my other dogs?,"Dog A won't stop growling at my other 3 dogs and it's honestly annoying now. If one of the three even slightly approach me or her she'll start growling. It's pretty rare to when she'll not growl. My family keeps on saying she's trying to ""mark her territory"" and whatever. But I'm worried it's beyond that since she does it EVERYDAY and will not stop. All 4 of my dogs understand ""Stop"" and ""No"". This dog will listen to literally anything else if I have to tell her No or to Stop. But on this one issue she refuses to listen. It's now annoying as I can barely attend to my other dogs while she's following me because she'll usually growl.
Any idea on why she keeps on doing this? 
And Any idea on maybe how to train her Not to do it since my normal thing ain't working. 

Some things that you might need to know maybe not idk
She's female
Beagle-Terrior Mix
Around Small to Medium Size.
She'll never bite but only growl.
My other dogs are also female
My other dogs, 2 are big and 1 is about medium.
She's 5 years old my other dogs are 9, 9, and 3 years old."
307,DogAdvice,Can anybody help me?,"I have a 2 year old austrailan labradoodle that we got from a breeder, I was the one that asked for him and so did my brother but mainly me. From 6 months he has ALWAYS swallowed socks, underwar, scrunchies ect, we have  gon so far to put up extra tall baby gates on all bedroom doors and to the laundry room. He was diagnosed with pica at the age of 8 monthes and it has just gotton worse and worse. My mom bought him because me and my brother wanted him, She never intended for Duke, the dog, to get so attached to her. She has a really bad sickness Lupus and other things that cause her to work from bed, duke haas always been there. We have noticed that since we got our other dog Ruby he has gotton huge anxiety, whenever my mom leaves the house he stops whatever he is doing and bolts to the door to try to go with her, whenever me and Vince hug her he is right there with us. We cant send him to daycare because he isn't the type of dog that likes playing with other dogs, he stays to my mom. This problem is getting really bad to the point were if Ruby goes near my mom he will try to dominate her, they are both spayed and neutered btw.Whenever I walk into my moms room in the morning he ALWAYS jumps of the bed and grabs either a shoe or a a blanket or a shirt ect, too direct the attention to him.

&amp;#x200B;

My mom works with kids and adults with autism and owns several businesses so she knows that he is doing this. We cant find a solution and we have tried everything from medicine to dog watchers, nothing helps please respond."
308,DogAdvice,"I’m sorry to be posting a pic of a turd, but …","Daisy was spayed back in October, and her vet said that everything healed perfectly.  Ever since, her poop has been different (its on/off - some days she gets lots of treats bc we’re still training her). I know dark coloured poop can indicate blood, however I’m not sure if it should look more dark-red than this, before considering a vet visit. This is the first time it happened. I’m also concerned about the mucus? I gave her a bit of boiled brown rice about a day ago, could it be too high in fibre for her/ irritating her digestive process?

Please help!"
309,DogAdvice,Teeth showing advice.,"We have one of the most placid cockapoos that we bred last year, she has been an amazing mother during the whole process and we kept 2 of the puppies. Recently the mum has started showing her teeth when little children get in her face and pet her. We assume it's perhaps a motherly instinct and we do our best to prevent the issue. Has anyone else experienced this or have any advice on it?"
310,DogAdvice,Why does it look like this dog has multiple pupils? (not nsfw but is weird to see),"My grandparents dog was begging for food yesterday when a sunbeam illuminated his eye in such a way that it seemed like he had three pupils. I had difficulty processing it momentarily because one of them seemed like a shadow, but was eventually able to get some decent pictures. He doesn't seem to be acting differently and my grandparents claim they can't see what I'm talking about.

Aside from what looks to be a cataract, can anyone tell what's going on with his eye? Is it some degenerative thing, weird anisocoria presentation, absolutely nothing and just this particular dogs eyes?"
311,DogAdvice,Pup doesn't have appetite for lunch,"I was wondering if anyone else has a similar issue with their pup. My 10 months old mutt is slowly stopping to eat/not eating her whole bowl of dry kibble at lunchtime. I feed her twice a day, once at noon and once in the evening. For lunchtime she's barely eating, but in the evening she gobbles down her food. She seems otherwise normal, being the energetic trouble maker as always. It has been getting hotter and drier during the last few days, so I'm wondering if maybe the heat is causing her to lose some apetite during the day. Or maybe she's fed up with dry kibble and only eats after her evening walk when she's actually truly hungry?

Anyhow, just wanted to know if you guys have had similar experiences with your pups. She's scheduled to do full blood work next week as a check up (she's had a rough start in life with multiple health issues) so if anything is off I'll know soon. I contacted my vet when she started eating less but she told me since the pup is still eating dinner well and is energetic/playful like normal it's nothing to be alarmed about just yet."
312,DogAdvice,Every Saturday. I travel for work and the dog next door to my apt cries all weekend during the day. My dog is like “what’s happening”?,
313,DogAdvice,Can't believed he looked like this. (Look on page to see how he looks now!),
314,DogAdvice,Dog Sick and Vets can’t figure out why,"My 6year old dog (mixed breed but not sure exactly what breed since he was a rescue, about 18lbs) has been sick for the last two weeks and the vet can’t figure out what is wrong with him. 

About 7 weeks ago he hurt his back legs/back. He was outside to pee and he yelped randomly. We brought him to the vet and they said it might be a slipped disk and to keep him off his back two legs as much as possible. For about 3-4 weeks after he couldn’t walk up the stairs in our home and he had some weakness in his back legs. 

He started to get better but was never at 100%. We tried to limit his walking up stairs as much as we could because we wanted him to give his body a chance to heal. 

Then about 6 weeks after the injury he started to get gastro symptoms. He started to throw up and diarrhea. We brought him to the vet and they did a blood test and found that his white blood cells were elevated. He started to recover from the gastro 4 days later but the vet had recommended we put him on antibiotics due to the elevated white blood cells. We started the antibiotics on day 4 of him having gastro like symptoms. On day 5 he started to act more like himself. He had an appetite again and was more or less back to normal except his back legs were still weak. He was back to normal for 6 days then at night he started shaking and wouldn’t eat his food. 

We brought him back to the vet the next day and he had a fever of 104.5. We were sent for X-rays to check for any issues with his hips, legs, and chest and all came back normal. We also did blood work to check for ticks, heart worm and other tick borne illnesses and all came back clear as well. 

The following day he was sent for an ultrasound and he came back all clear as well. However he still had a fever of 104.18. At this point the vet is not sure what can be causing him to be sick. We were given a stronger antibiotic that also has some anti inflammatory in it and just started him on this last night. They’re thinking it might be an acute infection somewhere that they haven’t been able to locate OR the start of pancreatitis, however they’re not sure at this point.

Has anyone had a similar experience with their pup? Any ideas/advice on how to help him? Thanks for your input."
315,DogAdvice,Found this on our dog's leg. Any clue what this is? She doesn't seem to be bothered by it. Looks like a huge pimple or pus.,
316,DogAdvice,Are they playing?,
317,DogAdvice,Found this on our dog's leg. Any clue what this is? She doesn't seem to be bothered by it. Looks like a huge pimple or pus.,
318,DogAdvice,"My parents adopted a 5 month old Great Pyrenees, is her behavior concerning?","My parents adopted a Great Pyrenees puppy two days ago, she is a 5 month old female. One of my relatives said they saw her walking around before we came in, but the moment us and the breeder came into her space, she was cornering herself, acting shy and not moving or trying to get away from us, while the golden retriever in the cage next to her was jumping and licking our hands. I know a Pyr isn't quite as playful as a Golden, but the breeder told us this one have always been shy and her sister who was adopted one day before was said to be active and playful. The breeder told us they did not fed her this day, so she doesn't puke in the car.

&amp;#x200B;

In the car (my parents were driving for two hours), she kept doing this thing where she was pointing her snout to her stomach and she farted a few times. When we came back home, she was cornering herself, looking at us like we had just punished her, and refused to eat and drink until night, also didn't pee and poop the day my parents took her home.

&amp;#x200B;

The next day, she both peed and poop and it looked normal, she agreed to eat (same brand as the breeder fed her, something ProPlan) and drink, and today the same. She is still isn't particularly active or cuddly, though, and all she wants to do is go in the garden, but she mostly pees at home (hopefully, that is just temporary). We haven't been able to walk her outside of the garden yet, because she doesn't move much and she is very stubborn about it. She is not fearful at all with our cats and us, though. She is shy, and extremely calm (she barked just once), but not exactly scared of us.

&amp;#x200B;

She still does the snout pointing at her stomach, though, and I think she farted again, I'm not sure if it's anything we should be worried about?

&amp;#x200B;

I know she is new and this is not a cuddly/playful breed necessarily, but does that sound normal? I'm not a dog person at all, and this is the first time my parents got this breed"
319,DogAdvice,Winter bootie recommendations!,"The full midwest winter could likely happen at any time now…So if you know of any booties that keep paws warm, dry and salt free, please link them below! 

I am open to all avenues, including etsy! As I know homemade ones may actually turn out to be the best?? 
I’ve googled and looked at countless articles, but I would rather get advice here from people who can actually attest to what they use. 

Our new guy is 5 months and settling in to his first week with us, but with the light freezing and salt already where we walk, I don’t want to put his paws in jeopardy! They say he is a boxer/pointer mix, and has webbed feet, if that helps with recommendations. (Official DNA results are already pending 🐶) 

Thanks and appreciate you all in advance!"
320,DogAdvice,What are these light spots on my dogs nose? Is it just normal aging (she’s 6) or should I be concerned? They appeared a week or so ago,
321,DogAdvice,I need help and don't know where to turn,"I'm a 16 year old male, my family owns a 6 year old German Shepherd and for the most part he's a great dog he gets a long great with friends and family and he's super sweet but he has issues with other dogs and I don't know what to do about it. I'm the only one who can really do anything as my parents aren't willing to pay for a dog trainer or put in any work themselves. My dad isn't great with him and is too prideful to admit it or ask for help and my mom just doesn't get involved.

&amp;#x200B;

it should be said he of course is a big dog much bigger than most german shepherds up to 90-110 pounds. When we walk and he sees another dog he starts going rigid just staring at the dog sometimes just sniffing the ground and using that as a way to just look at the dog and then as the dog gets closer his ears will go up and he'll get more rigid and if the dog gets too close he'll start pulling and sometimes growling and barking. I've tried so many times to break his cycle I've used spray bottles to try and get his attention  I've tried ignoring the dog and to keep walking and so that he may take the hint as I've found he tends to look back at me before doing a lot of things but it's like he can't make the connection that he's doing something wrong. He's had dog friends in the past he had a little chihuahua friend that got hit by a car. When I'm not around or when he's at doggy daycare our family has been told that he does fine with other dogs. He's had this problem for a long time but I think it worsened when he was once attacked by a mastiff at around 1 or 2 years old and my dad would probably encourage bad behavior or treat him in ways that did not help him developmentally. 

I love my dog and I know he can do better and don't want to give up but I'm running out of ideas on what to do any help would be appreciated. Apologies if this is somewhat incoherent it's late and I'm kinda just venting to an extent but I need help and need to fix this."
322,DogAdvice,"If dogs don’t like eye contact, how do I look at dogs without making them uncomfortable?","So I understand how awful eye contact can be and the anxiety that comes along with it, I don’t wanna make anything ever feel the level of anxiety I feel. How do I properly look at dogs without making them anxious?

Sorry if this is a dumb question!"
323,DogAdvice,Dog does not sleep at all,"I cannot stand it any longer. He “naps” for like a few hours and wakes up in the middle of the night. He also wakes up very easily if there’s a noise. He’s 1.5 years old and he’s been doing this since he was a puppy. 

Ik dogs are supposed to sleep a lot but he really does not."
324,DogAdvice,Is this a bite?,I've recently got a new foster dog from Spain and he's got this lump on his ear
325,DogAdvice,Shih Tzu shaking in car,"TLDR; My dog shakes in the car and I would like to know how to help her.

I've had my girl now for around a year and a half. I've had her since she was an 8 week old pup and she's an amazing dog. She loves her walks, eats well and have an amazing temperament, but we are unable to take her in the car anywhere. 

My husband has to hold her while I'm driving and she physically shakes and tries to hide her head. It's honestly very upsetting, so she hasn't been in the car for several months as I don't want to subject her to that until I know how to fix the issue. 

Does anyone know of anything I can do myself before I seek help from a professional?"
326,DogAdvice,Complicated housebreaking...,"So about ten months ago, we adopted a dog from a buddy. Hela is a Shi Tzu mutt mix of some kind that they found on the side of the road in the desert about six years ago- she is now roughly 10 years old.

Long story short- buddy works long hours and so does his wife. Hela stayed in a crate overnight and as long as they were at work. Then buddy got two husky pups- and proceeded to not have time for them either. All of them were crated excessively and often together in one large crate which resulted in Hela getting bullied by the huskies.

It was only after she started losing massive amounts of weight did he bother to think about rehoming her. I should mention this is my husband's buddy- who lived nearly two hours from us so we didn't really see the dogs at all until he brought up his difficulty trying to get a shelter to take her.

She was severely matted, dragged her belly across the floor because she was so scared of everything, and emaciated. It was terrible. We decided to take her home, and we've had her ever since.

We've been approaching things one at a time- earning whatever trust she'll give us, getting her used to being on a leash and going on walks, working on her anxiety- little by little. She's now a healthy weight and still super anxious, but it's not nearly a bad as those first few months. We're working with a vet on maybe getting her medicated to sort out the rest since it feels like her days are just so miserable still.

I'm home most of the day, my husband is Navy so he's gone for fair amounts of time. We take her out every 4-6 hours (no yard) which is what we've found to be her limit for bathroom needs.


However. Nighttime is a different story.

Because of the years of excessive crating, she's unable to be left in a crate. Well, I suppose she could, but she's thrashing, crying, and trying to dig her way out the entire time. We didn't really have an option to not crate her, because she's only partially housebroken and I need to sleep. If not crated, she'll mess in the house. Every time. We've tried crate training too, but there's just no point. It's instant deathly panic every time, even if she's in the room with us while crated. Just seeing the crate changes her mood, and she's not a very happy dog to begin with so it's just heartbreaking.

We've finally decided to give up on it - it's not worth the stress she goes through every day and there's literally nowhere I can put her in the apartment that is far enough that she won't wake me up multiple times a night with her panic.

But. Housebreaking.

She technically is housebroken - she knows that she goes to the bathroom outside. However, she will not tell us if she needs to go. Bell training, touch training- nothing worked. She will not tell us. And she will not hold it either. She just goes. Not an issue during the day, but I need to sleep.

We used puppy pads for awhile, thinking there was some success but then we caught our senior cat using them and we found out we were just teaching HIM to piss on the carpet instead. It took months to fix and get him back to using a litter box. Pads are not an option.

So right now it's pretty much either 1) crate her to prevent messing on the carpet overnight, which will destroy her mental health or 2) accept she will piss on the carpet and that there is nothing to be done, just do our best to carpet clean every week. I'm almost to the point of not caring either way, because this stress combined with everything else is way too much on me. Our senior cat is near the end of his life and taking up most of my time and attention- I don't have much left in me.

I have no idea what options we have left are, except maybe diapers overnight. I don't even know if she'll leave them be, or chew them off. She's fine with her winter jacket, but who knows?

Any ideas or advice would be welcome."
327,DogAdvice,Is this just playing? Or is it something we should work on? More in the comments:),
328,DogAdvice,Dog and oral fixations,"Hello everyone! I have a 4 year old female that in the past year and a half or so has become incredibly abimant on constant licking and biting. This includes: her limbs, toys, and her bed.

She will sit there for hours licking her paws, biting at her legs, licking her bed, or sucking on and destroying toys. Im not sure if she has always had this behavior. She grew up with dog siblings and no longer has any, just two cats.

I don't know why she does this and it's not easy to distract her from doing it. She only seems to do it when she is in the bedroom usually at night, but we also don't watch her while she's outside so i am not sure if she does this during the day.

Any clues as to what's going on? We play with her and take her on walks and she is usually with us throughout the day. But it's costing us many toys as she bites through even the ""tough"" toys in a few days."
329,DogAdvice,Any idea on with this is on my dogs ear?,
330,DogAdvice,Dog eczema?,
331,DogAdvice,Issues in crate when away from home,"My 1.5 year old Cavalier is great in her crate at night at home. We go for the bedtime walk and she puts herself to bed when we come in, sleeping through the night. 

Whenever I visit my parents, however, it’s a different story. Generally her anxiety levels go up for the first day or two we’re here. I assume that is because sometimes she stays with them when I travel for work, so she’s unsure if I’m staying or going. When I leave her with them she’s totally fine at night. 

The issue is when I am staying at their house. We do her bedtime walk and she puts herself to bed like at home. But minutes later she is barking. The only solution I’ve found is to go sleep on the couch with her for 30mins to an hour and then put her back to bed. (Usually we’ve spent the hours before bedtime laying on the couch watching a movie so it’s not like she’s missing snuggle time!)

This isn’t regulated to my parents’ house. This summer we got a vacation rental (just me and the dog) and it took to night 4 for her to go to bed with no barking. 

Any ideas on why this happens and how I can resolve it?"
332,DogAdvice,has anyone clipped a quick before?,i havent but im afraid to. my recent rescue has neglected nails that NEED trimming. ive slowly cut them but if i hit the quick what is the best way to help her? trying to be ahead of the issue. she has black nails so i cant see anything.
333,DogAdvice,Sending Mixed Signals?,"Have had my pup for about 6 months (2yr old mix from a shelter) and she does not currently sleep in bed with me. Have been thinking about inviting her up-but know that my boyfriend wouldn’t want her there when he stays over. He’s here about 50% of the time… do you think that would be sending mixed signals and too hard for her to go back and forth?

Here’s a picture of her being real cute as payment. 😊 

Thank you!"
334,DogAdvice,Can you read this body language for me?,
335,DogAdvice,My dog is acting sick,"My dog got into a little fight a couple days ago. And even though he won he’s acting kind of funny. He’s short of breath, taking a lot of naps. Worst of all he’s not eating; I can’t say why but it’s VERY important he stays at a certain weight. 

Do you think he’s ok? I can’t take him to the vet because he says this happens to often and if I come in again he’s gonna tell somebody.

Do you think he’s good?"
336,DogAdvice,Puppy has diarrhea,"Hey everyone. 
My 5 month old Rottweiler mix has had diarrhea for a few days now. 
A couple weeks ago we decided to switch her food. We started off with giving her 1/2 cup new food with 1 1/2 old food twice a day for about 5 days. Then we did 1 cup new food 1 cup old food twice a day for another 5 days, and then did 1 1/2 cups new food and 1/2 cup old food until the old food ran out (around 4 days). She wasn’t having diarrhea until a few days ago probably around the time we started giving her 2 cups twice a day of new food. She is acting completely normal and still full of energy, just up at all hours of the night with the shits and I come home from work with at least one pile of diarrhea on the floor. Tonight for dinner I just fed her 1 cup of plain white rice and will see if that will help. How long should I feed her just rice? Can I feed her anything else to help settle her stomach? Should I keep feeding her this new food? I don’t know if the new food is the issue so I don’t want to switch her food again. Never had issues with switching food for a dog so I don’t really know what to do here!! Thank you!!!!"
337,DogAdvice,Looking for better kibble,"My dog used to be fed IAMS by my parents and I’m looking to switch to a better food. 
My dog is a French bulldog mix and is 4 years old. We are currently paying 2.50 USD per pound and want to stay in that general area. She likes chicken, duck, and turkey, but will eat anything. 
Thanks!"
338,DogAdvice,Is there something wrong with my dogs right eye (your left) she’s had that white ring around it since she was a puppy. The shelter never said anything was wrong with it. I’m just curious what it is,
339,DogAdvice,Skincare advice for dashchund,Hi all I have a 9 month old Dashchund as was wondering if I could get some advice for skincare. Her ears are starting to get dry and scaly and she is starting to get dandruff and must be itchy as she is always rolling herself in the grass in the backyard. The breeder told me to use vinegar baths which I’m going to try out today but was wondering if there was anything else I could do to help her. Any advice would be appreciated thank you
340,DogAdvice,Older dog is acting aggressive,"My older dog is acting up, growled and raised his lip at me

We got a puppy(male)  4 months ago and he is now around the half year mark, he is a nice puppy but sometimes can be somewhat annoying, my older dog (3y male) sometimes reminds him of that by growling at him for a brief second until he submits.
My older dog has show no major issues other than dominating the younger dog, never harming the puppy but playing mouthing games or making him submit when he crosses a line( going after his snack, jumping at his face etc.)
The way we feed them is to tell them to go on their bed, afterwards we put their bowls in their spot and give them the command to go after 3-5 seconds)
I normally feed them at the same time, but a recent trend has happened, where my older dog approaches my puppy, ignoring his own food, and growls at him, when this happens i normally separate them and have them eat alone. 
Today though, he started growling at my puppy and making him submit before i even made them go to bed or put the food down. I found this behaviour bad so 
I sent my dog to another room closed the door and fed the puppy. Then i locked my puppy into a different room and tried to feed the older dog. I put his food down and then told him to go on his bed, but instead of doing so he turned towards me, raised his lips and growled at me, I have previously had a negative experience where he nipped me( less than a cm deep) on my arm when I accidentally provoked( i realise what i did wrong there) but this time it seems almost entirely unprovoked.
Im a little bit shocked right now, I would really like some assistance, I have left my older dog alone in the room he normally rats now and closed the door.
For reference, i am the primary caregiver for the puppy and my older brother for the older dog, he will be returning soon to handle this but i would like to know where i went wrong. Feel free to inquire for more details."
341,DogAdvice,Elbow Dysplasia Postop,"Hi everyone.  
My 5 year old shepherd mix had a subtotal coronoidectomy for her elbow dysplasia on 11/14.  She is limping way worse and hobbling at times.  I'm so upset it seems like she is failing surgery.  She is quarantined and on pain meds.  Follow up appt 11/29.  We are considering putting her down if she doesn't start to make any improvements which is the worst.  
Does anyone have any experience with this recovery and timeline?  I'm under impression we would have seen improvements by now. 
I don't want to rush to losing my best friend but I feel like we are torturing her now.  
Thank you for any of your experiences."
342,DogAdvice,Frenchie woke up not himself,Day after thanksgiving here and he has been laying around.  He threw up in the morning seems a bit feverish and had blood in his poop.  He didn’t eat anything out of the ordinary yesterday that I know of.
343,DogAdvice,Dog afraid of husband only when wife not home,"We've had our rescued street dog for about 3 weeks, which I know is not that long, but if anyone has ideas to help things settle I'd rather implement them sooner than later.

She is on the timid side but very loving.  She took to me and declared me her emotional support human instantly.  And when I am home, she's also very loving with my husband.  She cuddles with him, solicits play, leans into petting, all that good doggy stuff.  However, when I'm not in the house she won't go near him except to hastily snatch treats.  He'd be ok just ignoring her and letting her work through it at her own pace except that she has to go out.  It takes a lot of cajoling for him to get her outside when I'm not home, and then she won't come back in.

When I'm around though, you'd think she was the perfect dog and the two of them had been buddies for years.  How can we help build their trust faster so she can pee on the days I work from the office without spending all day in the rain waiting for me to be the one to invite her back in?"
344,DogAdvice,Help with dog frequently choking?,"Disclaimer before anyone panics: my sweet dog is not currently choking!!

My sweet little dog, a 1yo Cavalier, chokes on treats very easily. We use her kibble for regular treats on walks (Royal Canin Digestive Care Mini) which she seems to enjoy except for the fact that she has choked on them multiple times now.

She has this kibble for breakfast but the choking has really only occurred while we use it as a treat on walks so far.

This obviously terrifies me. Today was particularly scary as at took multiple attempts before we dislodged the treat and she breathed.

Obviously, we won't be using the kibble for treats again. I am calling our vet tomorrow to see if she needs to be checked over for it, and booking a first aid course.

I am wondering what we can use to reward her on walks without the choking hazard? And if anyone has any suggestions on how we can make it less likely she chokes?"
345,DogAdvice,Will I have to put my dog down?,"Dog’s (GSD mix, 8 yo, ~100lbs) other CCL (ACL) blew out this morning and no vet is open to see him. What can I do to help him and make him more comfortable? What can I expect? He can’t walk and is reactive when we try to help him with a makeshift sling (e.g. a blanket/towel). He needs to use the restroom but I have no clue how to help him without adding more discomfort or stress to his situation. My mind is jumping to the worst case scenario where I’ll have to put him down.  

Any advice would be much appreciated."
346,DogAdvice,Aggressive Chewers,"I’m look to order a few new toys for my pup. He’s about 65+ pounds, 9 months, Pit mix and he loves to rip things apart. Any recommendations from the owners with aggressive chewers."
347,DogAdvice,white lump on my dog..? is it just a blister or?,
348,DogAdvice,Is there something wrong with my dog? She has been blinking a lot even after sleeping.,
349,DogAdvice,Reactive dog with bite history,"Hello, I’m in a very tough spot and unsure of what to do. My boyfriend and I have a 2 year old pit mix that we got from the shelter in January. He has a history of being abandoned and we knew this and wanted him anyways. Around us, he is the sweetest cuddle bug and very obedient. However, there have been multiple instances where (usually men) have gotten in his space or stuck their hand out and he has snapped at them, enough to draw some blood. He doesn’t like when people come into our apartment either. We did 20 1-hour lessons with a trainer but she mostly worked on his reactivity during walks and overall obedience, which we all see improvement on. Yesterday our dog bit my uncle when I was not around (probably my fault leaving him with my mom), anyways, this seems to be the last straw for my boyfriend. He wants to put him down. I do not want to give up on him because he is so sweet with us, just gets fearful of strangers. What does anyone here think we should do?"
350,DogAdvice,Is my dog (black and white spot) enjoying daycare?,
351,DogAdvice,Old age,Dogs getting colder with old age she will be 13 next year is it animal abuse to give her a t shirt or jumper ? I’ve seen people say people who dress their dogs up are animal abusers.
352,DogAdvice,Chewing Wooden furniture,"I have two dogs, a two year old lab and a one year old mastiff. When we are around they are great and cuddly and well behaved. But any time we are both at work they keep finding new wood to chew. First it was the baseboards, then the dining chair backs and today I come home to the tv stands corner all chewed up. 

I know I don’t walk them enough, but I always try to buy new toys and they destroy them in minutes. 

Is there any way to stop the furniture chewing besides just tiring them more?"
353,DogAdvice,Best life hacks for fleas,Hey folks! We've been dealing with a flea attack the last couple of weeks and I'd be curious to hear if anyone has good and perhaps lesser known hacks that have worked for them to keep the nasty critters at bay.
354,DogAdvice,My girlfriend's dog is obsessive over me to the point of concern.,"Hi everyone I hope your holiday was great. I am coming to you all because we are having an issue that I cannot find material on. 
We have been dating since July and her pup has increasingly become more obsessed with me that it went from cute to very concerning. This isn't the jump on me for 15 minutes kind of deal. She will not stop licking me or climbing in my face when I am around. My SO can walk away and she will still keep doing it.
  We have tried me ignoring her,  keeping her off the couch, no eye contact but she just gets even more anxious and obsessed. We recently have had to start putting her in her crate when I am over due to being unable to eat or have conversations anymore. 
Is there something I can do or some method to reinforce that this is not okay behavior? I am not too upset about it but I hate the stress I can see it gives my partner from not being able to relax."
355,DogAdvice,Rant: people who make blatant assumptions,"I have a pit bull boxer mix, he’s a rescue and a big baby. I’ve had him almost 10 years. I was talking to two other dog owners who both made the dumb assumption that he’s a bad dog and aggressive because he’s a pit bull. When I corrected them and said that he’s actually very sweet the man goes “oh so he was a bait dog then? That’s so sad” 

Sir you are so ignorant. He’s always been well trained and trusting. He was found on the streets, and my assumption is that either his previous owners lost a very sweet dog or they dumped him because they couldn’t have him.. or maybe he ran away because they were bad owners. But there is no evidence he was ever a “bait dog” for dog fights. No scars, no aversion to other dogs or people. Just a big snuggle bug. 

I’m not mad at this man, but I’m definitely questioning his intelligence and that he seems the type to make massive assumptions.. idk where I’m going with this, I just wanted to share"
356,DogAdvice,Does anvone know what’s happening to her? She’s been coughing for 4 days straight. Over night her right eye keeps closing while her other eye is open. Third eye lid keeps closing her right eye and discharge is appearing as well. I’m literally trying my best not to freak out,
357,DogAdvice,dry patch on both tip of each ear. hair and dry skin falls off when i touch it. she doesn’t seem to itch it. i’ve been putting a balm on it do you think it needs a vet visit?,
358,DogAdvice,Worms in my dogs faeces? She was only wormed a month ago and no other droppings have worms that we can see- is this potentially really dangerous?,
359,DogAdvice,This kid loves snacks! They all go to Grandma's house to steal Puni's feed 😂,
360,DogAdvice,10 weeks old rescued puppy! Any advice which breed is him?,
361,DogAdvice,Rescue advice pls!,"So at titles says Noodles is a rescue!  *little back story the owner unfortunately died last weekend and that meant that Noodles mum and dad aswll as a bother and a sister needs a new home*  we previously had a staff names Misty she lives a happy and long life of 15y 8mths 3 days

We have had Noodles for a total of 3 days now and she is still very timid and frightened to hell, she will do stuff like get up, eat, toilet but we mustn't wach her or she just sits down and stares your down, but she's very tamed as she will let you pick her up, brush her, bath her and she does not flinch one bit! But will give you the side eye while doing it, Maybe the odd shiver but that's it, we still haven't heard one word/bark/sound out of her yet which is very strange...

Anyone had experience with a rescue? Or anyone know bit more about the cocker spaniel bread that I must know? Or does anyone know any tips or ticks to help her settle in faster/become more playful and confident?

She is a very good girl and she does pee herself on fright so it's as expected, sue does like treats but won't take from your hand or won't eat if your looking, 

happy to buy whatever need to be done to make this little fur ball more comfy.."
362,DogAdvice,"Red testes, balls have been this red every other day or so.. does lick himself sometimes but not excessively..is this normal?",
363,DogAdvice,Is this normal? His nails look almost like they are becoming hollow.,
364,DogAdvice,"[help] My 7 year old was diagnosed with Pyometra, putting her down next week, need help coping","
Hi everyone,
I’m really writing this for help on how to cope with this. My 7 year old pomeranian/poodle Nala (my first pet) ate chocolate 2 weeks ago; we took her to the vet where she was then diagnosed with diabetes and lost her eyesight the next day (we had a gofundme set up for that but didn’t raise enough money to restore her sight). Because she was vomiting from the chocolate they put her on a round of antibiotics; she was doing better with the insulin combined with antibiotics, and we took her to the vet yesterday to have a blood glucose monitor installed on her where she was then diagnosed with Pyometra. Her blood sugar is extremely high at 350+ (over what our reader can see) and the pyometra has made her resistant to insulin. For those unfamiliar, pyometra is an infection in the uterus which causes the uterus to rupture this filling the abdomen with pus (where the dog will die in less than a couple of days). We unfortunately don’t have the money for emergency pyometra surgery (ranging from $1-3k) and we’re going to have to put her down within the next week to avoid a super painful eventual death; she has a life expectancy of a couple more weeks with pyometra. I had a gofundme set up for cataract surgery to restore her eyesight, which raised around $330, and was going to use that for her urgent pyometra surgery instead but unfortunately it isn’t enough money and we won’t be able to raise enough within the next week to save her.
I just wanted to know how to cope with this. We have no option but to euthanize her and this has been extremely tough for my family and I as she is our first pet. To anyone whose pet passed away I really would like to understand the grieving process and if it’ll get any easier. It has been hard enough already and it’s only been a day since the news; I hope I had done enough for her with the gofundme and all which didn’t raise much but that was my effort. This was all very sudden as she was happy and healthy just a couple of weeks ago. I’ll be spending my last week with her doing everything she loves. Thank u guys in advance."
365,DogAdvice,Hydrolyzed protein food,"I have a 2.5 yo ACD mix who has a history of HGE. Dog had little appetite and loose stool so put him on a sensitive stomach food and daily probiotic and both seemed to improve a little bit still having bouts of HGE. Put him on Royal Canin hydrolyzed protein a couple of weeks ago and he now seems to always be hungry (which I take me mean he no longer has an upset stomach). His poop went from a little loose to really pretty dry. Not long enough to know whether HGE will reoccur m. 

Does anyone have a dog on this food with some insight? At $55/7 lbs I’m hoping we may not always need to be on this but I suspect we will. Should I be concerned about the dry stool and anyway to fix it? Was your dog ever able to have treats again or did you have to stay on a really strict diet? Any general thoughts or comments would be appreciated as well. Especially is you have more information about the cause of your dogs underlying problem. We are at a bit of a loss with my pup.

Thanks!"
366,DogAdvice,My dog tore out two of his nails.,"1. He did this trying to escape the yard. 

2. There were about two teaspoons of blood. He’s a Pomeranian.

Should I take him to the vet? I have been nursing him in a towel."
367,DogAdvice,What’s in my dogs poop?! Worms? Pieces of rope toy? What’s the coating?!,
368,DogAdvice,Dog Poop Insight Needed!,
369,DogAdvice,"My dog has injury!!! Vets are closed for thanksgiving, could anyone please let me know how can I treat him?",
370,DogAdvice,There's this weird scab on my dog's throat and he won't sit still long enough for us to get a proper look at it. It feels like matted hair but scabby and flaky. Has any other dog owners seen this on their dog? What is it?,
371,DogAdvice,What is going on with my dog???,
372,DogAdvice,Small cyst/wound on 6 year old German shepherd. Does anyone know if this is something I should take her to the vet for? She doesn’t seem to be in pain but has been licking it off and on. You normally cannot see it without moving the fur unless she has been licking the spot. More info in comments,
373,DogAdvice,Dog growling/snapping at kids,"My dogs about three years old and never had this behavior before, we’ve had him since he was about 6 weeks old.  My sister is staying is with us and has two children (3/4) and he’s snapped and growled at the youngest. We’ve caughtt them both pulling on his tail and ears and trying to take food and toys away from him, we are trying to educate the kids not to do this. He has snapped at me once but he was asleep and I believe I scared him when I woke him up but I can pick up his toys or really mess with him without any problem.  I don’t want anything to happen to the children, am I going to have to get rid of my baby or is there hope? Any advise/experiences would be appreciated. Thanks"
374,DogAdvice,Shaved down a matted/pelted dog at work and saw this. What is this embedded in the dogs skin? A little puss came out of it too.,
375,DogAdvice,Separation anxiety,"Anyone have advice for a 6 month old puppy who has some separation anxiety. She is fully crate trained and is fine when crated, whether I am home or go out, but if not in her crate and I leave the room she gets anxiety:  cries, paces, almost panicked, even if someone else is still in the room with her. Only had her for 1 month so we’re working on basic obedience still (sit, stay, come, etc). What do we do? Help!"
376,DogAdvice,How to enrich my working/field golden retriever?,"  Howdy. 

I'm a brand new owner of a now 3 month old ""field line"" golden retriever. We are not hunters, just didn't realize goldens..were actually working dogs. Silly me. 

Anyway, I'm not gonna just force her to be a dog she isn't and it's clear already that she has some kind of prey drive or wants to go get birds. We got her from breeders that are hunters, and breed/train for huntin' dogs. 


So I'm wondering what kind of games/tasks are enriching for my ginger. Obviously fetch is a hit.. and I will be getting her a flirt pole. 

Is there anything else I can do to stimulate her retriever brain besides becoming an actual fowl hunter? Lol

Also, she loves to dig. The snuffle mats on Amazon seem lame, I tried one for my 2yo bichon and I just can't see how it's made for digging or even nose work. 



Should I be getting her toys that looks like birds? What do you think are some training/tasks techniques hunters use that I could use?"
377,DogAdvice,"My dog today fell from the stairs and broke her leg. Looking for advice from people who experienced the same, on walks, baths, etc. Took her to the vet as soon as it happened and now we're waiting to get the x-rays done to be able to do surgery",
378,DogAdvice,Fecal Incontinence Trouble,"My elderly Chihuahua-Dachshund mix (15-16 years old) has struggled with fecal incontinence for about four months now, and we’ve tried about everything. A basket for him to sleep in? He crawls out. Diapers? He crawls out. Different types of foods, stool helping (?) foods? Nothing!! We’re getting really, really tired of how much crap we clean up on a day-to-day basis.

We’re now thinking about putting him on a medicine that’s supposed to help with the anal muscles called Loperamide. This was one of two last options, the other being surgery and since he’s so old I’m a bit scared of doing that. He’s completely healthy otherwise, and is very happy, but we don’t know what to do.

Before we do this, is there ANYTHING else we might be able to do? We love this dog but it’s getting really tough to deal with this problem."
379,DogAdvice,"On family vacation, dog is in pain or overwhelmed?","We are on family vacation in NYC for these few days-we are from DC so I didn’t anticipate too much of being overwhelmed as much or surprised by the city environment for my dog. She snarled and snapped at me more than once this morning-in the hotel room and when we were out at the parade. She’s a service dog who is 3.5 and normally beyond well behaved so of course I freaked out and cried when she did it. It seems like maybe she’s in pain because she was only doing it to me but my sister started to pet her on her head and she did a little growl (same thing that preceded her snarling earlier). And then after, she was super cuddly-not like put off by my presence. I’ve contacted her vet and made an appt for Monday, but how do I treat this or help her? I’ve been overwhelmed about it just because I don’t feel equipped to help her here, away from home."
380,DogAdvice,She does this little twitch after taking her sedatives. Are they are tiny hiccups? They go away after 15 mins or so.,
381,DogAdvice,Dog stye eye?,Just found this on my little pup’s eye - anyone know if this is a stye?
382,DogAdvice,Say Hello to my Babies!! Both males. 🐾,
383,DogAdvice,Breed recommendations for someone with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome?,"Hi everyone, 

I have been considering getting a dog for a long time and ultimately decided to move forward with it because I think it will be beneficial for my health. 

I have CFS, which impacts my health greatly. I’m often drained on energy and it’s often difficult to get out of bed. I do have some good days where I’m able to get outside for a light walk. 

With that being said, I am looking for a breed that does well with my condition. One that will relax with me when not feeling well, but happy to go out on a walk when I can. Additionally, I want a breed that is known not to bark a lot and also doesn’t shed. Size range around 20-40lbs.

A dog that greatly interests me is a welsh terrier. Although I’m not sure if they are too active? I’ve always loved Airedale terriers and this is just a smaller version of them. 

If anyone has any recommendations I would be so thankful!"
384,DogAdvice,Can anyone help identify what is happening with my dog??,He's been really restless and bobbing his head like that. Could it me tremors/neurological or maybe anxiety attack. He is an anxious dog. Or could he have ingested something.  Yes I am going to the vets I'm trying to find a 24 hour one in Melbourne. Any help would be appreciated also. Thankyou.
385,DogAdvice,This kind of discharge has been leaking from the tail area (I tried to look for any abnormalities but she got agitated) of my parents 15 year old female dog. It started earlier tody. Anyone had a similar experience?,
386,DogAdvice,My dog and food,"My dog, the past two days, wouldn't eat. My parents put wet food and dry food, with some sausage and egg to intice her. We even put her food in one of the same bowls we eat out of because we had a problem before where she wouldn't eat.
This morning I heated up some chorizo to get the oil out of it and tore it up, got some sausage and tore it up and then put in her usual dry and wet food and mixed it all together, she's just eaten almost all of it.
But she has always had a tendancy to get bits of food put of her bowl and take it like 3 feet away and drop it- after that sometimes she eats it and sometimes she just leaves it there and it never gets eaten. At first I though she was getting the big bits out if she could and eating them, but she doesn't seem to be doing that half the time.
What's wrong with my dog 😭"
387,DogAdvice,Gave an STD to my dog?,Hello. So the thing is that while I was doing my laundry my dog picked up a thong and she bit and licked the underwear that I had used the afternoon before (this happened in the morning) and I have been worried ever since that now my dog could have contracted an STD from me because my thong had discharge. I dont know for sure that I have an STD but what If I have one? I know that this is probably the most stupid question but I have only had my dog for 2 months so I pretty much know nothing. Thank you so much.
388,DogAdvice,How long did it take your dog when it was a puppy to learn that you’re not coming to them when they cry in their crate all night? How many weeks/months did it take before they started just going to sleep instead of barking for a few hours?,"She’s on month 5 so still young but just wondering how long it took some of you. 
We tire her out and practice crate comfort training and her bathroom schedule has her go fully just before bed but she still barks non stop for like 2 hours after I leave the room. A few times that has extended to 3-4 hours. I can’t go in the room while she’s doing it or she’ll learn that it summons me but she also doesn’t stop for long enough for me to go in during a quiet moment to show her that silence gets my attention. The pause between barks is only as long as it takes her to gather another breath for her next volley of barks. Like 1 second max.
I feel like a prisoner in my home because I have to tiptoe around, can’t even flush a toilet or grab water in the night. I can’t go on that floor of my home at all or i’ll trigger another hour or two of barking. I don’t work due to an injury so all my time while she finally sleeps is at home too scared to turn over in bed in case  the bed creaks and she hears it."
389,DogAdvice,Are these just scratches on my dog’s eyelid and chin? Should I take him to the vet?,
390,DogAdvice,5 year old dog behaviour advice,"I’ll keep it short. We’ve had our dog since he was 6 months old and he always had a timid anxious personality. However I’ve noticed when I’m home (female owner) he’s super clingy and anxious with me like can’t be away from me, always staring at or laying on me, can’t relax and avoids my husband even though my husband has always been good to him. When my husband is alone with him my dog just sleeps and chills. Then when we have him at other people’s homes (that he knows well) he’s completely relaxed and plays and if they babysit him he’s totally fine it’s the same thing he is completely relaxed and a normal dog. So why does being around me make him super anxious and clingy, I don’t understand. 

TIA"
391,DogAdvice,Our 1.5 year old mini Aussie-doodle has been licking at her paw. We’ve been keeping the cone on her for 4 days now and washing the paw. Anything else we can do or insight into what could be the cause?,
392,DogAdvice,What to do..,"Hey! I’ve been considering getting a puppy in the future, and I’m not sure what to do. I have school full time and my dad has work full time. How do we have a puppy without having a dog walker, doggy daycare, or someone to check in on the puppy?

Any advice besides “just don’t get a puppy”?"
393,DogAdvice,"small, senior adoptee yawning","Hi all.

Not too long ago I adopted a senior.  A tiny chi-minpin-whoknoes mix.  15 and blind, not very human-focused when I got her.  Over the last couple months she's changed a lot, for the better.  She's relaxed, affectionate and even playful.

Before her the smallest dog I'd ever owned was 80 lbs +.  Most of her behaviors I think I'm doing fine reading, except for her yawning. 

She will find me and sit at my feet, and sometimes paw at my leg to be picked up.  Often when I do pick her up, she will yawn multiple times when I start petting her.  When I set her down again, she'll do the ""shake off"" stress thing.

 I'm used to multiple or out-of-context yawns being a sign of stress.  She's older and has had a rough time of it (multiple homes etc etc). Just want to make sure it's not her being stressed or uncomfortable."
394,DogAdvice,"Sensitive dark spot by her lady bits; what is it? Not a tick, I checked, but she growls if it gets touched or anyone goes near it. grandma doesn’t wanna take her to the vet thinks it’s nothing",
395,DogAdvice,"Please help - just left vet but so scared, my dog can barely move","
I desperately need help. 
I have a 3 year old Aussie who has been having difficulty standing up from laying down for a few months. If I’m being honest I thought he maybe ran or played too hard and that it would pass. He was his normal self besides the struggle to get up, he was still eating and would play with me. Before all of this, I would come home he would be SO excited and jump up on me. Well now, I noticed he stopped jumping up on my bed, stopped jumping on me and barely shows excitement, and is still having major difficulty getting off the ground. Cut to now, he can barely get up, he sits slowly and oddly, he’s very slow when walking, and has no interest in fetch or playing. He seems absolutely exhausted and down, and never wants to get up. Nothing gets him excited and I can tell he is struggling so badly with something or in a lot of pain. I’ve been thinking it was maybe arthritis or something similar. However he’s been to the vet (for allergies) during the time this has been happening and all of his tests and exams were normal. 

My pup has been with my mom who he stays with a lot and adores, and I just got home to see the obvious worsening of whatever is going on. Nothing has changed with his diet or routine except eating less. I immediately notice tonight that he is NOT well and rush him to the ER. You would think he was a very very old dog the way he moves and he was sitting very oddly with both legs pushed to the side. He could also barely get in my car which he never had issues jumping into. 

I explain this in way more detail to the vet. I tell her he is not hisself whatsoever and that I’ve never seen him like this. She checked him out from head to toe and my dog didn’t express any pain in her checks of his body. I told her that he cried today when I was trying to examine his paws and she said he didn’t do that. Basically she said we can do a full body X-ray that would be absurdly expensive, or I go to an orthopedic specialist. I absolutely do not have 1500 to spare for X-rays, especially if that doesn’t show us what we’re looking for. I’m sobbing because seeing him like this is breaking my heart and I may have to find a way to do the X-rays asap because it’s eating me up inside. 

If this sounds remotely relatable to anyone, would you go the X-ray route first? Or maybe other testing? I do not know what to do or where to start especially knowing how expensive all of this will be. I really need some help or peace of mind. 💔"
396,DogAdvice,Dog acting weird and peeing inside?,"Okay so my German shepherd 1y/o was neutered two weeks ago and is still all cone'd up. He's on cone duty another week because he opened the wound a tiny bit the other day (Vet said it was fine, barely opened at all just enough to bleed a teeny bit, gave us antibiotics just in case). Now, we haven't gotten to play very much because he's only interested in playtime that involves running around and getting chased. He comes outside with me whenever I smoke (every hour or so) and we're out there 10, 15 minutes maybe, and he usually does his business then if he needs to. I've seen him hold it nearly an entire day (when we first got him a couple months ago, he was shy in the new home) too so I know he can.

Tonight I found a big ol' dump in the hallway. Like, so big you'd think a human left it there after hitting a buffet. After cleaning, he and I play fetch inside for a bit, since he's mostly healed. I discover a pee puddle that he must've left as a surprise for me earlier. I clean it up and close him out of the room while I do so. When I come out into the hallway guess who's standing over a nice fresh huge NEW puddle of pee? I can understand puddle #2 since he was all excited and I cut him off from playtime abruptly so he might not have been able to control myself, but with the pattern he established over the last few hours it has me concerned.

I also have a couple fish tanks sitting outside full of water to test they won't break. It's cold out, and they're covered in condensation. When I took him out with me like 20 minutes ago, he started nudging and rubbing his nose up against the side of one of the tanks and sort of stumbling side to side. I don't know what he was doing, he wasn't licking it. He might've been trying to check out a bug he saw or something, which would explain a lot because he might've just been stumbling trying to get closer to the bug with the cone in the way, but at the same time what if it's not that, you know? He's being good right now and sleeping in his favorite chair. 

Anyone have any ideas on why? Maybe he's just sick of the lack of stimulation since the neuter and he's acting out with the peeing/pooping inside? And the tank thing was just a bug he saw? Or could this be something more serious? We super duper can't afford to take him to the vet unless we're sure something's wrong, and he is acting normal now."
397,DogAdvice,Is this ok?,She's been reverse sneezing Ike this more frequently over the past few months.
398,DogAdvice,Is this ok?,She's been reverse sneezing Ike this more frequently over the past few months.
399,DogAdvice,Did my dog break her toe?,"We went on a rocky hike recently and then the next walk we went on she limped on that foot for only about 3 steps then has been walking, running, jumping letting me touch her leg and paw and overall seems completely unbothered. But today I noticed the small red bump and that the toe doesn’t seem to sit straight like the rest. Is it worth a trip to the vet is she seems to be acting like she is in 0 pain? Is it like when humans break a toe and there’s nothing you can do besides just slowly let it heal on its own? Or is it perhaps dislocated and needs to be reset? 
Thanks in advance!"
400,DogAdvice,Advice,"My dog that I have has never been aggressive to any dogs or anyone about his food, today we brought home a new puppy and she went towards his food and he wasn’t happy 
Is there a way to help show him it’s ok , tips, tricks on what to do?
Thank you!"
401,DogAdvice,"Urgent, need info asap","Can anybody identify what this could possibly be? When I first adopted my dog about 3-4 months ago (Staffordshire Terrier) we noticed that she had this little branch off on her paw pad and thought nothing of it because it looked like just a minor paw abnormality at first. We noticed today after being out and playing that it has started to look like this and we aren’t sure if it’s a tumor or whatever it could be. Any information would be very helpful, thank you guys for your time."
402,DogAdvice,Behavior problems with corgi,"Hello all, I've been having serious behavioral problems with my 7M pembroke welsh corgi and he has been targeting my 13M Cairn terrier. We have had both dogs since they were 2-3 months old and though my corgi has always been ""grumpy"" he has never been aggressive with the cairn terrier. My cairn terrier is a very calm old man that is incontinent but never bothered any of our other dogs, aside from occasional food aggression (only with treats.) I'm not sure what to do because he (corgi) has ripped out some of his fur. I want to take him to the vet to see if there's anything I can do but I really want to avoid euthanizing him and he was a birthday present from when I turned 15 years old. Any advice I can do about this?"
403,DogAdvice,"From a video of my dog yawning, how old would you guess he is? We’ve gotten several different opinions over the years after we adopted him. I assume teeth are the best indication of age.",
404,DogAdvice,Pink eye?,"We have a vet appointment Monday, that’s all we could get. We’re going to get some sterile eye wash that the vet recommended. Any other remedies? It doesn’t seem to be bothering him but I feel bad for my poor boy. 11 month old Schnorgi."
405,DogAdvice,Will these dogs get along?,"Sorry, this might be kind of long.  I have 2 dogs, theyre big (about 90lbs) and they've gotten along really well. I've had my male dog for about 9 years and got him at 2 months old. He's very sweet and listens. I got my female dog about 2 years ago as a rescue. We're not sure how old she is but we're guessing about 5 years old.               Since we've had her shes gotten in 2 pretty minor fights with female dogs, one was YESTERDAY, but gets along great with my male dog. 

Anyways, I'm moving in with a friend who has a male dog (same breed as mine) whos about 70lbs. I'm supposed to be taking both of my dogs into move with her and I'm scared they wont get along and something will happen.

Any advice? My best bet was to only have them around each other when we can keep an eye on them for a couple months, so I could drop my dogs off at my Mom's when I have to work.  But since this other fight just happened I dont know what to think."
406,DogAdvice,Advice on prepping apt/ doggo for a smooth post surgery recovery,"oy where to start. Just want to avoid complications or stiches ripping etc etc etc. Not exactly sure how large this will be at the moment either. So I'm just prepping now best I can. 

Ive seen surgical ""suits"" aka doggy onsies, old t shirts but  it says in comments for spay/ neuter surgeries. what about torso/ back-What would protect their insicion/ stich site ? And she hates her leash connected to a collar, and uses a harness- so alternative so that doesnt rub or harm her. 

ALSO-   what things would you get your doggy to enjoy her holiday with this surgery 5 days before xmas AND two toothie extractions.... I just feel so bad and sad for her."
407,DogAdvice,is this normal?,"my female border collie (1.5 years old) always moves in her sleep and i believe that is normal because humans do it too when we sleep. but tonight she is sleeping with her eyes open and moving like this, is this normal?"
408,DogAdvice,"I have a 2 y.o. lab mix. He enjoys all things outdoors, swimming, hiking, etc. He’s brushed, paws wiped, ears cleaned, nails trimmed, and teeth brushed very regularly. However he only gets a bath 2-3 times a year. How often should he be getting a bath?",
409,DogAdvice,I took a picture of my Koko and her pupil looks weird. She has a bit of a cherry eye but I’ve never seen her pupil look like this. Is something wrong?,
410,DogAdvice,Noticed this lil white bump on my dog Zia—infected hair follicle?,
411,DogAdvice,What’s your cure for diarrhea,"My pup is 65 lbs and eats well, however he’s had diarrhea for about 3 days now, I’m not sure what it is but there no other signs of him being uncomfortable, he still eats, no vomiting , playing normally etc. I really can’t afford ANOTHER vet trip right now. We just got  him in august and he’s already been to the emergency animal hospital 4 times already costing us over 3k already. We’ll go if we have to but I want to try home remedies first"
412,DogAdvice,List of core puppy shots?,"Hi, everyone,

I’m getting a puppy next week; she will be 8 weeks old. I’m planning to take her for her first shots two days later. It’s a mobile vet clinic in a feed store, as that’s the place she can get her vaccinations the soonest (this is a fairly rural area).

I’ve never done this before. Is it possible to over-vaccinate? I am nervous about being talked into getting more stuff than she needs at 8 weeks of age. (Plus I’m confused about 5-way shots plus/versus the standalone shots). 

I’ve Googled and searched and looked at printables, but I just need a simple list of the basic (but crucial) vaccines she needs. Can someone guide me? I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide. Thanks!"
413,DogAdvice,Possible ACL tear?,"Hey just looking for some advice, my 9yr old GSD has been limping on his rear leg since last night. He’s able to put some pressure on it but he holds it up a lot, walks with a limp in his step. I’ve tried to inspect it, theres no swelling around his knee he also doesn’t yelp/wince when I was just gently feeling his leg. I don’t know what else it could be. I’ve called a bunch of vets around me, but a bunch of them won’t take new clients or booked out for a week or more."
414,DogAdvice,"hi, my dog Gizmo woke me up at 2:30 last night looking like this (1 &amp; 2.) he looks better now, and is acting normal. does anyone know what it might be/has something similar happened to your dog?",
415,DogAdvice,Help! My sister’s toy poodle just tried to eat the neighbor’s dog.,"The good boy is a bull dog mix and didn’t even realize he was being attacked.  They were both on a leash but I was holding the toy poodle in my arms.  When I put him on the ground he got aggressive and was biting the other dog in the neck!  Due to his tiny size (4lbs), I just picked him back up.  Apologized for my ignorance. The neighbor just laughed.  There was zero damage to the bulldog.  He just seemed confused.  And he was a sweet slow puppy.  I’m so ashamed that I was handling the tiny dog so poorly.  What was the tiny idiot thinking?? Help me Cesar Milan!"
416,DogAdvice,Pet Insurance?,"I just rescued a 5 year old pit terrier. I want to establish a good relationship with a local vet and get pet insurance since something bigger in terms of care for him would be tough for me. 

Any good recommendations for the pet insurance? And good questions to call around and ask vets to see how quality they are?
Any help would be greatly appreciated thank you"
417,DogAdvice,Good idea!!! my dog loves this BAOBRO snuffle mat!! occupy her for a while and bring fun🥰🥳🥳🥳 #dogs #dogslowfeeder #snufflematfordogs,
418,DogAdvice,Do you guys know what breed Leo is??,
419,DogAdvice,Dog strange lick behaviour,"I have adopted her 3 weeks ago and she has this habit of licking or sucking on her tongue (sorry, I don't know how to better explain the behaviour or sound). 
She's a stray, mix of long-wire-haired daschund from what I manage to identify. 

She does this a lot of the time. During the day when she's on the sofa, or her bed. During the evening and the night. 
She seems healthy and without any issues on her teeth, gums, tongue, lips or mouth. 

Her foster parents from whom I took her told me that she was doing that when she was with them as well (they had her for almost 1 year)

Does anyone have any idea what this might be? 

She is not in pain or anything from what I see and I don't mind it at all. I got used to it and I'm even amused by this sometimes xD

Thank you! 

PS: she was not licking herself in the video; the clip is muted due to the background noise"
420,DogAdvice,What time should I be taking my dogs out?,"I have 3 female dogs (now 1 and a half-ish years old). We go on walks at 8-8:30AM, then at 4:30-5PM, then at 10-10:30PM. They don't pee at home or anything, but I'm worried they are holding their business in for too long, granted when we do go out they usually don't rush to go do their business or anything.

Is this schedule fine?"
421,DogAdvice,"does anyone know what breeds she could be? she’s almost 3 months, i have more photos of her on my account. her mom was about knee height and dad is unknown :D",
422,DogAdvice,Dog keeps licking this red bump in between his paws,"Update: took to the vet and they prescribed antibiotics, anti inflammatory, and anti itch. Hoping the bump and rash goes away within 2 weeks. If not, going back to get a check up"
423,DogAdvice,My Dog Spazed Out After Petting Her,"Idk what happened but here’s my dog peanut on her back asking for belly rubs and all of a sudden after I’m finished rubbing her tummy, she gets up twirls around almost chasing her tail, growls and whines while shoving her face near me. It was kind of a scary because she never does anything like that? She was just laying there then out of no where it was almost like she freaked out and was whining to me. Idk does anybody have a Clue abt this?"
424,DogAdvice,My dog got spayed and she is losing weight is that normal. She’s 1 year old I would say she has lost about 5 pounds.,She went in on November 14 and the first two days she didn’t want to eat but now she eats normal drinks water and plays. I limited her play due to the other dogs and she gets very crazy while playing but I have noticed she is looking skinny and he back spinal cord shows but not her ribs.
425,DogAdvice,Dog tail injury,"I think my dog chewed on his tail during the night,seems really itchy,I think because of allergies.I put a cone on him but the spot has seemed to get worse and I think it might be infected.is this something I can treat at home or do I need to take him to the vet?"
426,DogAdvice,Dog tooth discoloration? Noticed about a week ago and hasn’t gone away. Does this warrant a visit to the vet? No inflammation and the tooth isn’t loose either.,
427,DogAdvice,Thanksgiving Plans,"So I am wondering what to do on Thanksgiving.  I can either bring my six month old potty trained puppy, which is a real pain, or leave her at home in a gated room. I will probably be gone for 5-7 hours. She sleeps through the night for at least 7 hours. What do you think?"
428,DogAdvice,Does anyone have an idea what kind of bump this is? My puppy is 9 months old if that helps. Vet has no appointments until next week,
429,DogAdvice,What are the best tips to avoid your dog barking from the balcony.,"He has access to the full house, but when he sees another dogs walking from the balcony starts barking at him. (Not at all dogs, I still don’t understand his logic to bark or not)"
430,DogAdvice,Can I give this food for my pet as a treat? Idk much about nutrition value.. (it’s Roasted Seaweed: Nori),
431,DogAdvice,Dog excited play or aggression?,
432,DogAdvice,Seizure?,"Hi. Posting again as video didn’t upload first time. We are fostering a senior and today she did this. It lasted for around 5 minutes.  She’s also been having random episodes of heavy panting (not related to exercise, or heat).   

I called vet and sent him the video and he just said to monitor it, and if it happens again bring her in. 

Has anyone else experienced anything like this? We have fostered many dogs and have not seen this before."
433,DogAdvice,Frenchie bullies,I have  6 French bulldog babies now  2mths old  I don't  have  enough  money  to continue  taking  care  off  please  who can  help  me adopt  them please am in Atlanta Georgie
434,DogAdvice,Symptoms worsen after vet visit. Where to go from here?,"We went to the vet a few months ago for a suspected uti. She was drinking a bit more than usual and peeing more often on walks. It wasn’t anything too dramatic but just a small notice. There was 1 day she kept asking to go out which prompted the vet visit. 

Urinalysis found suspected bacteria &amp; we were given antibiotics. She toke them for 4 days until the urine culture came back negative in which I stopped. The vet said it was probably not a uti then. During this visit we also did a blood test and x rays but everything was normal except high bilirubin. 

We went back to do another blood test a week or two ago and it’s a different doctor this time (but the same clinic) who is going over the last visit. He mentions something the other vet didn’t which is my dogs urine has a pH of 9 which could indicate a uti. I opted not to do another urinalysis or urine culture because of what the other vet said and just process with blood work. It came back normal. Bilirubin levels were within range. 

These past few days, the drinking water has increased where it’s so noticeable. Few months ago even though I noticed a bit of an increase in intake of water, her pee was still yellow as usual. She generally doesn’t drink that much water anyways. Now it’s like light yellow to clear. And she’s peeing way more often on walks. She’s also gained a few pounds which the 2nd vet noticed. That may or may not be related to the uti symptoms but still something I wanted to mention. 

Idk what to do/ go from here because it seems the vet can’t really figure out what’s going on and blood tests look normal."
435,DogAdvice,Is this a skin tag on my dog? Or do I need to worry?,
436,DogAdvice,How do I know if my new puppy (8 weeks) is being aggressive or just playing with my older dog (1year),
437,DogAdvice,Will my dog be ok?,"Will my dog me ok?

Hello, so yesterday my dog was at a vet visit she was on antibiotics because she ate bad food on Sunday. Now it’s Tuesday and today she ate 2 chicken burritos they were wrapped idk how she got to them but she did. She found a way to eat them, she looks very bloated. Now I can’t afford to take her to the vet again, but can the antibiotics she’s on now work?"
438,DogAdvice,Seizure?,"Hi all. We are fostering a senior dog. This afternoon she had an episode where she was shaking her head rapidl.  It lasted for around 5 minutes.  I think she bit her tongue during it, there was a bit of blood. She was conscious and walking around the whole time. 

I did call the vet and he said to monitor her, and if it happens again they would refer to a neurologist and possibly put on meds, but I’m worried. 

Has anyone experienced this?  We have fostered many many dogs and I have not seen this."
439,DogAdvice,Introducing Cat &amp; Dog,"Next year my boyfriend and I are moving in together. I have a cat (F, Pearl) and he has a dog (M, Cudi). We are thinking about renting a townhome for a while.

Any advice for making this work? Pearl has only been around one puppy and it wasn’t a long interaction. She’s a sweet girl and gets along with other cats, but I have no idea how she’ll be with Cudi. 
Cudi is a husky and can be very territorial (as they usually are). He’s a sweet boy and also gets along with other dogs, but has not been around cats.

Any help is appreciated! Both are indoor pets."
440,DogAdvice,dog won't eat his own food,"I have a 6yo shih tzu/jack russel/Chihuahua mix who will not eat any dog food that is fed to him. I have tried multiple brands, different sizes of kibble, different meats, mixing with wet food, wet alone, etc. He will not eat it. He has absolutely no problem begging for our food or eating the cat food at any opportunity like when we sleep or leave the room. Occasionally he is bold and tries to eat the cat food in front of us. We also dog sit and he is always trying to eat their food. The funny part of that is he will eat their food but it will be the same brand(s) I've tried to feed him either past or presently.

I am pretty sure it is behavioral but I can't figure out why. He is given lots of love, affection, and is a generally well taken care of. I mentioned it to our vet before but they shrugged us off. 

Any ideas?"
441,DogAdvice,unexpected behavior from new dog?,"I have been with my 3 year-old terrier mix buddy for just over 2 weeks now. He’s a rescue dog and it’s been a great experience so far! No in-home potty accidents, no bites, hardly any barking, etc. He’s been very social/friendly with a couple friends (men and women) and my partner. 

But yesterday he acted mysteriously with a friend of mine. He would lightly growl at him, but then would immediately give him kisses after. Then, he would retreat and growl all over again. On this morning’s walk, he growled at the sight of a guy walking nearby. 
This evening, he was friendly with strangers on the walk…no growls or anything.


I’m only confused &amp; concerned because he’s been lovely with me and the few other friends he’s met over the past two weeks. Is this something to be concerned about? Was it just a mood? I’m aware that dogs tend to show their “true colors” after adjustment, but what what would you chalk this all up to?"
442,DogAdvice,atropine sulfate ophthalmic solution,"Does anyone have experience with this eye drop medication? My vet prescribed it for my dogs eye injury in addition to an antibiotic drop. Curious if folks found it helpful. It seems to make my dog keep his eye shut after it’s administered, and I guess I find this surprising. Thanks"
443,DogAdvice,Crate Advice:,"I haven't had a dog in over 16 years but I do try to keep up with what's what.

The only issue I am having is, the dog I am going to foster (my brothers) is a little growly when being out into his crate (or so I am told)

Can I safely leave anything in the crate for him to make it a more positive experience? Or is it like training and sporadically give him treats?

I think part of the problem is this dog doesn't get walked much, so I'm going to be walking him at least twice a day, for at least an hour so hopefully that'll make things a little more easy.

I'm going to get him a nice bed to go there too because it's this safe place.

Info: dog is about 8 years old. Some sort of mutt (will be doing an embark because I am curious) We THINK a chi - terrier mix. He weighs maybe all of 10 pounds."
444,DogAdvice,Nervous/skittish dog help?,"I got my dog in late 2019, wanted to make sure she had all of her important vaccines before I started major socialization (I had plans of her going EVERYWHERE with me) and then Covid happened and I already worked from home. Now I have a 3 year old skittish pandemic puppy.

I've been taking her a lot more places for the past six months or so and she's doing a bit better and is less panicky. Occasionally, she's even excited to see some of my friends and immediately letting them pet her, but if I take her to my boyfriend's place (she's been around him about a dozen times) for a couple of days, she's still nervous the entire time, wants to put off eating, will only sleep if she's on the bed at my feet, etc. She's not panicked, but definitely uncomfy. (I should add that she was excited to see him this past time for the first evening we were there, by day two, she was nervous about him and his place again.)

I've came to terms with her never being the kind of dog that is fine with strangers petting her and most people accept it when I tell them she's skittish and won't let them touch her, but I do wish I could take her on outings without needing to focus so much attention on everyone and everything that's happening at once, because while I don't think she'll bite, I also don't want to set her up for failure either.

Am I doing mostly what I can here and just have to wait/hope for her to come around to new experiences a bit more? Or is there something else I can add in that will help?

A few other notes:  
She's a Husky/GSD mix.  
She isn't at all food or toy driven, so I'm a bit more lost on how to reward good behavior."
445,DogAdvice,How can I help my parents mend the relationship between their willful dog and their curious grandson?,"My parents are both in their upper 60s and have a Soft-Coated Wheaton terrier (about 60 lbs) who is extremely willful. They have a shock collar on him, but he typically isn't deterred from bad behaviors due to inconsistent conditioning and probably sheer carelessness to just do what he wants. My 4.5 year old nephew is growing a bit scared of him, as the dog constantly barks and lurches toward him when my parents are babysitting. My nephew isn't scared when he's sitting with my parents in a chair, even if the dog is sniffing and licking his feet. The dog will constantly follow around my parents if they are carrying my nephew, sometimes jumping up to smell or lick my nephew. My nephew is at the age where he wants to run around our house with toys creating a ton of ruckus. This agitates/excites the dog. My parents have gates around the house which successfully sequester the dog and nephew. However, this usually leads to the dog watching right at the gate door (or running in between gate doors if my nephew is running around), incessantly barking until my nephew fully leaves the house.

&amp;#x200B;

I feel bad because the constant barking is stressful, but I don't know how to help my parents. While they definitely could be diligent with training my dog, a few trainers have called him ""the most willful dog they've ever seen"". I'm hoping to crowdsource some ideas on how my parents could find some peace in their home, but I also don't want my nephew to ""permanently"" have a scared dynamic with our dog. My parents would not rehome the dog. Also my sibling has a less intimidating/aggressive (but probably just as loud, more anxious) dog at home that gets along well with my nephew, so I do think there's potential for my nephew to like the dog."
446,DogAdvice,my senior foster pup might have cushings disease (i think he 100% does..),"i guess this is just a discussion, but im open to advice and if anyone knows anything about it from experience or knowledge. 
(Picture: Snoopy is the big boy, Annie is the little lady!) 

my family and i are fostering (soon to adopt) a senior beagle, he’s 11, and his name is allegedly  “Snoopy.” unfortunately we have little to no information on him, all we know is that his previous owner passed away and the family of the owner wanted to euthanize him. however, in their care, they neutered him at 10 years old. that is all we know about him. from our experience, he is VERY affectionate, he is overweight, he has severe separation anxiety, and he does not respond to his name/commands/sounds. 

we took him to VetCo (petco’s vet, we do not recommend) because we weren’t able to get him into our personal vet yet. anyways, after weeks with that vet, we finally switched and got him into our personal vet. our vet was concerned about Cushing’s disease, and the previous vet had mentioned it too.. because he checks off all the boxes on the symptoms. on top of that, he has chronic ear infections, hearing loss, a heart murmur, and a distant heartbeat (vet said that it’s hard to hear it? it sounds far away… possibly due to him panting  or obesity). we will also have to do a chest X-ray to ensure his lungs and heart are alright. 

i love this dog, he is the sweetest. we put down about $600 or more in vet bills so far, and we plan to put down more to get him tested for Cushing’s disease and X-ray. once they test him, we can get the medication to help give him a quality of life. we are also giving him CBD oil 1-2x daily to help him calm down because his anxiety. 

it just saddens me, knowing that we are going to adopt a dog who’s already a senior, and who’s life could be cut short due to a variety of different reasons. i am also sad because we have another senior beagle, Annie, who is 14 years old too. i know that beagles life expectancy is usually 12-15 years… and my heart breaks just to think about this all."
447,DogAdvice,Plz help my older dog is terrified of my new puppy,"My dog (2 years old) is scared of my new puppy (10 weeks old)
My family just got a new puppy and our older dog is scared of him. Every time the new dog comes to play with the older dog the older dog runs away in fear, every time my older dog has a toy and the puppy comes running at him the older dog drops the toy and runs.

The older dog seems to be depressed and is not eating his food like he used to and is now totally rejecting treats. We separate the dogs a lot so they can have alone time from each other and we always make the time to show the older dog love so he doesn’t feel left out or replaced

How do I get my older dog to toughen up and will my older dog be depressed forever?"
448,DogAdvice,Does anyone know what this is? I woke up &amp; my dog was bleeding everywhere. I thought her nail fell off but once I got her paw cleaned I noticed it was coming from this weird pink thing. She won’t let me touch it because it’s hurting her &amp; she’s limping.,
449,DogAdvice,"Gosh, this might not be the right place.",What do you do about others feeding your dog? Recently I let my six month old puppy go to my moms for the day while I was at work and I asked her to send a picture of him and she sent me a picture of his head in a yoghurt cup... I got pretty upset because we are training him to not care for human food or bug us what we’re eating. How to do you talk to someone who doesn’t care for the training you’re doing with your dog.
450,DogAdvice,Dog brushing routine advice.,"I brush my dogs’ teeth daily with enzyme toothpaste about an hour after the evening meal, but I’m wondering if there’s specific times of day that are best to brush their teeth?

Last thing before bed, or after a meal, or at the start of the day, or does it probably not matter?

And since I give medications right after tooth brushing, I tend to use the peanut butter meds as a treat for letting me brush. But just now I saw my girl’s teeth had peanut butter on and it made me think, am I negating the effects of tooth brushing by instantly covering the teeth in peanut butter?? XD

I can’t find specific guidelines on best times to brush, just lots of advice about how to get your dogs to accept it, which I don’t need! Any advice or thoughts welcome."
451,DogAdvice,Lung mass in Pomeranian puppy,"My mum has a 10 month old Pomeranian. She’s had a hacking type cough for a few months (usually when she gets excited). We took her to a vet who gave some medication which showed some improvement until it ran out. We took her to another vet who did a full physical and suspected a collapsed trachea but wanted to do some X-rays first. Apparently there’s a mass on her lung which she says is not cancerous (not sure what indicates that on an X-ray) but she doesn’t know what it could be so she’s going to start her on medication and see how that goes before investigating any further.

Other than the coughing she is perfectly healthy, happy and has not acted abnormal at all. She’s very cheery and super friendly, and the vet said her physical exam was perfect.

If the vet has ruled out cancer, is there anything else it could that’s life threatening? My mum is absolutely distraught and whilst I know this isn’t medical advice I’m just wondering if anyone has experienced anything similar and could shed some light?"
452,DogAdvice,Ongoing Digestive Issues,"My English Springer Spaniel Roxy (8 years old, female) has been having ongoing digestive issues for about 2 months now. We've been back and forth to the vet many times. This all started around September 25th.

It started out as painful gas. She would cry and pace for an hour to 2 hours. Eventually I'd get her to settle, put the heating pad on her belly and she would pass some really smelly farts and then just go to sleep. It was progressively becoming more frequent so we knew she needed to get into the vet. We called the vet and the first appointment was 2 weeks out. But they prescribed us a probiotic and recommended trying Beano over the counter with dinner and told us to try a bland diet of Chicken and Rice in the meantime.

Then we finally went to her appointment and got her bloodwork and a stool sample analyzed. Stool sample was normal, bloodwork only showed her Phosphate level was a little low, not really conclusive of anything. Vet prescribed a prescription diet Purina Gastro EN and said we could also use Gas X whenever she had an episode. We were slowly transitioning to the new diet and things were looking better. We only had about 3 gas episodes during the transition rather than every single night and whenever an episode was coming on we would give her Gas X and it would resolve in a half hour. So we learned how to treat it, but not what's causing it.

We scheduled an abdominal ultrasound. We lost our last dog really suddenly and wanted to be sure this wasn't something serious. Meanwhile the day before the ultrasound we had almost finished transitioning to the new diet, but suddenly she has diarrhea. So we go back to chicken and rice. She fluctuated between bouts of bad diarrhea and semi solid stool, we are now on day 4 of diarrhea. We have tried fasting for 12 hours. Then small frequent meals of chicken and rice. On day 3 we also added a spoonful of pumpkin. Probiotics in the morning, beano at night. Today we returned to the vet for repeat bloodwork and they gave us Flagyl for the diarrhea. Meanwhile my dad and I also had terrible diarrhea as well. So it's possible that it's a diarrhea bug that we all caught and is actually a separate issue from the gas..

It's a huge relief that her ultrasound was normal and didn't show a tumor or anything. But I'm also frustrated that we have no real answers for what's going on with Roxy. She's lost 7 pounds. I'm frustrated that everyone just keeps telling me to keep doing what I'm doing. I'm frustrated that I called the vet over and over and Roxy had to have diarrhea for four days before someone finally prescribed something. I'm hopeful that we can get her stable and that this is a bug and all she needed was a different diet. I love this dog so much.. I'm exhausted. I've spent so many nights up with her with either diarrhea or gas. Everytime I take her out I'm so anxious that she's gonna have more diarrhea."
453,DogAdvice,I need some help with my dog,"My dog has just turned 4 he has recently started doing his business in the house again for the first time since he was a puppy and he's also not listening to some commands that he's given, this has never been an issue until now I thing something might be wrong with him but I'm not sure I would really appreciate any help that I can get thank you"
454,DogAdvice,Spin-Cycle Overload,"We have recently adopted a second GSD from the shelter (\~2 months ago). At first, the dog (we named him Dog) was acclimating well, learning new tricks and easily house trained. Three weeks ago today, we noticed Dog start to spin while sniffing the ground (bi-directional) and let out a high pitch bark when he completed the turn (not tail chasing). This coincided with the installation of our sod grass that day as well as switching to a new food: Inukshuk. We have tried changing his food back to what he had before the switch to no avail (Orijen Original). A couple days before onset, he finished a month long regimen of Doxycycline for heartworms. Since then, and truly over the course of the first 1-2 days, the behavior has increased in frequency to nearly all day except when he is sleeping. If he goes outside, we cannot distract him from this behavior (balls/ physically trying to move him, etc), and he also pulls up clumps of grass during the spins with his mouth. We are afraid to let him outside because of the noise + destroying our new grass. Indoors, he also spins, yips, and licks the floor/drags his teeth on the flooring while spinning. Sometimes a ball will distract him indoors for a few minutes while he chews on it, but most often he will run to a ball or a toy and then spin cycle once he reaches the ball. He used to have a solid “come,” but he now ignores it while spin-cycling. His vocalizations have also increased to constant, be it whining anxiously or high-pitched yapping most hours of the day. For example, he used to be very calm/happy during a car ride, and you can see in the video I’ve attached anxious vocalizing.   


He is going to the vet next week for a blood panel + heartworm injection. We have called them a couple times about the spin-cycle, and their advice was to redirect, and we have been dedicated to doing so, but it’s nearly impossible at this point to really distract him from the spin-cycle at all, or at least distract him constantly all day. We fortunately both work from home, so we can rule out separation anxiety, and we have the capacity to work with him more than most would be able to. He does this in the crate as well, but instead of licking he digs at the pad.   


All of this is to say, we are desperate for any insights, hearing from those with similar experiences, or advice. 

Thankful for your replies!"
455,DogAdvice,My collie has been vomiting three days in a row.,The past few days my dog has thrown up her breakfast. This has happened three days in a row. She’s then back to life and acting normal. Today she threw up this morning and has been fine the rest of the day and has now thrown up this evening too. I’m not sure what this could be as it’s very unlike her? I’m going to call the vet in the morning. Does anyone have any advice on what this could be or what I should do.
456,DogAdvice,Which Dog Breed Is Right For You?,
457,DogAdvice,Dog often has upset stomach only in the morning.,"My dog has gurgling sounds in the morning and is often not hungry. Today he was also sitting down a lot and wouldn’t want to go on his walk. He is eating the freeze dried raw nuggets on his meal but won’t touch his kibble. He has a bunch of food allergies, poultry, dairy, beef, duck, turkey and lamb so I give him a venison based kibble and pork based freeze dried topper. Do you think he could be allergic to venison also since he is okay eating pork based freeze dried food and I haven’t seen him poop yet so don’t know about that but it happens frequently that his stomach makes weird noises in the morning and he is often not hungry. We’ve done all tests and haven’t found anything, will get a referral for internal medicine specialist moving forward but any tips"
458,DogAdvice,can I take my dog to hospital,my boy accidentally broke he's nail while chasing cat what should I do? pls help :(
459,DogAdvice,Is this “whale eye”? 😞 was one of my favorite pictures of me and my dog and I’m just now noticing this.,
460,DogAdvice,What is this bald patch on my 1 year old dog?,
461,DogAdvice,My dog has HGE,"Hey everyone, 

My small dog has HGE. I found out earlier yesterday when he came back from being outside and big drops of blood trailed behind him on the sheet of my bed, I went outside to look at his stool to see if something he ate cut him a little, but his stool looked like jam and was bloody diarrhea. 
I was able to take him to the vet for an emergency appointment and his was diagnosed with HGE which can be/if fatal. He is in a fair amount of pain which is breaking my heart. 
I don’t have the money to take him into the vet again for his treatment of an overnight stay to push IV’s into his body, antibiotics. Which will cost a total of $500. I usually would be able to pay for this but ran into some personal family emergencies that wiped me out. 
I am asking if anyone has any ideas and tips on keeping him comfortable and as healthy as I can until I get paid on the 1st. 

Thank you for any advice given to me. I just want to make him feel as comfortable as possible until the 1st"
462,DogAdvice,My dog (2 years old) is scared of my new puppy (10 weeks old),"My family just got a new puppy and our older dog is scared of him. Every time the new dog comes to play with the older dog the older dog runs away in fear, every time my older dog has a toy and the puppy comes running at him the older dog drops the toy and runs. 

The older dog seems to be depressed and is not eating his food like he used to and is now totally rejecting treats. We separate the dogs a lot so they can have alone time from each other and we always make the time to show the older dog love so he doesn’t feel left out or replaced 

How do I get my older dog to toughen up and will my older dog be depressed forever?"
463,DogAdvice,my dog loves chewing the ends of this toy. can anyone reccommend something similiar?,
464,DogAdvice,3yo Boston pooping in house,"My 3yo Boston Terrier is pooping in my in-laws house. The thing is, he does NOT do this anywhere else. Not at my house, not at my parents house, not at the cottage, at work, etc. It only happens when my in-laws are dog sitting him (which is every day - they watch him while I am at work). He only goes poo right by the front door. Nowhere else in the house. There are bells by all of the doors that he *knows* to press when he wants to go out for potty time (all of them have been tested and are fully functional). I'm at a loss on how to stop this behavior. When this first started happening I scheduled an appointment with the vet. She said there is nothing physically wrong with him and she doesn't have a clue why he's doing this. 

Advice? Recommendations on products to stop this? "
465,DogAdvice,What are these small bugs crawling around my dogs butt?,
466,DogAdvice,"my dog ""coughs"" after our long, fast walks. Only when we get home. sometimes she'll even throw up a little. It worries me, does anyone know what it could be? my theory is in post","You know when you're running and suddenly stop and become nauseous/throw up? I wonder if that's what's going on with her. I've tried slow walking for the last half mile of our walk and the ""coughing"" still happens. She doesn't cough while walking, only when we get home from the walk. The vet is expensive but is this worth it to bring her in for?"
467,DogAdvice,How to get a dog used to wearing booties?,"Hi all. Sorry if this isn't the correct place to ask! I'd like to get my dog booties for the winter since he loves to go on walks. With all the loose gravel and salt laying on the road, I'd like to get him booties to help protect his paws and so they don't get too cold when in the snow. But I have a feeling he's going to hate having them on lol. Any suggestions/experiences with getting a dog used to wearing them, or is it better to just go bare paw?"
468,DogAdvice,Deter my dog from jumping on couches,"I have a very stubborn shepherd that is really hard to train and she always jump and the couches and she’s like crazy. 

Any tip on spray or mixtures in order to get her NOT to sit on the furniture ? Ty"
469,DogAdvice,"My Dog injured her Paw pad, info in comments",
470,DogAdvice,Dog extra clingy,"We are a family of 7 people. My dog is very attached to my father in law and usually stays with him. We recently had a shirt 1 day trip leaving my father in law and him behind. Ever since we came back, he is not leaving my side for a minute. He just wants to be with me all the time, he needs all my attention, wants to sleep on my bed. He does not even want my husband to sleep with us. Should I be concerned about this? He has never shown such affection to anyone before. For reference, he has anxiety issues."
471,DogAdvice,So you guys know what this is,
472,DogAdvice,What are some better alternative treats for my dog?,"We have been feeding my dog a couple of good lovin treats, the pinks ears, maple ham bone, and rawhide rolls. We haven't had any problems, thankfully, but i have been seeing some stuff online saying that this selection of treats is bad, in specific the rawhide and ham bones. I was already aware that rawhide was bad for dogs, but as it said 100 percent digestible I just assumed it was made of something else with the rawhide part simply being a marketing ploy.  We have decided to stop giving him the ham bones since those are dangerous, but i was just wondering if the rawhide rolls are also bad? I have seen a couple of different companies do the same thing of saying something is 100 percent digestible rawhide such as better belly, are these claims legitimate or should i just switch to no hide? Sorry for how many questions there are, I'm kinda freaking out cause i dont want my dog to get sick LOL"
473,DogAdvice,My dog likes outside more than inside,"Obviously my dog is an outside dog. but she has separation anxiety, so she will bark when she wants attention. I train and get her tired and she barely barks during the day until its time to eat dinner. she sometimes wants it early it seems. Thats not the problem though, she is quieter than the other dogs in our neighborhood that are around us and the most behaved big/medium dog on leash.

problem: she likes being outside more than in her crate at night.

explain: when it was warmer i'd have to pet her and then she'd get up to come in and be just fine during the night in her kennel, i dont force her in, she just walks into it with guidence.

now that its cold, we obviously dont want her to freeze outside. she has a dog enclosure she can safely be in with access always to water, a bed, and an igloo. when we bring her in for the night, she goes in as usual and then after a few moments of letting us sleep she starts whinning and barking. at first you'd think ""she just needs water"" or ""she needs a potty break."" well we did both of those, she didnt take the water (when she was a pup she tended to have water at night when she barked which is why i trued it this time) and she went pee. we bring her back in and then a few minutes later she is barking again. we eventually put her outside in the doggy pen and she goes right to sleep on her outside bed, then she wakes up whinning a bit (i assume she forgot it was cold outside til she woke up) and then she goes into her kennel and sleeps the rest of the night perfectly fine.

if we have an anxiety collar from the vet on her, she is better at night inside.

we dont want her to be cold outside. so we prefer her to be inside, but in the last 2 days, she prefers outside. we are working on getting a heating dog bed for her so she isnt cold but it would be nice to know is warmer inside.

her anxiety collar lasts 1 month so after that we have to schedule another, in between those days we dont want to be kept up all night trying to calm her down.

clarify: We do NOT want her outside in the cold. *she* chooses it.

anything we could do?

note: she is 8 yrs old, a Rottweiler, and she has had past seizures due to a mold allergy (affected us too. we moved since then) so the vet said we gotta be careful of the anxiety meds. she had us try some and it gave her a seizure so we stopped and the anxiety collar works great, no seizures."
474,DogAdvice,Dog keeps licking this red bump in between his paws,
475,DogAdvice,"New rescue and old pup-bonding? We’ve had our rescue for 2 weeks, poor guy hasn’t napped the whole time until the last two days where they both curl up on me like this… not quite touching yet but close! Here is to what I hope is a lifetime friendship between them!",
476,DogAdvice,Is this something I should worry about I touched it doesn’t seem to hurt,
477,DogAdvice,Advice on how to quickly settle a dog into moving homes?,
478,DogAdvice,Belgian Malinois/m/5yrs/71lbs,
479,DogAdvice,extremely dominant and aggressive dog,"Hello, I hope someone can help me or give me some advice.. 

I try to make it short and sum everything up.  

My dog is extremely dominant towards other dogs and horribly territorial, I really think that this is an extreme case. I adopted him over a year ago , he‘s 2 years old , castrated and 17 pounds (tiny) , don‘t know his breed, he‘s a mix, but really really beautiful and cute and looks like an angel actually but if he gets angry, he turns into a devil. 

The first months were horrible, he became more and more reactive, went totally crazy when we came close to other dogs, he barked at everything and got aggressive towards me in those moments of rage. I was so so desperate, we live in the city and there are so many dogs here, it was impossible to avoid them completely. Going on a walk with him was horrible, at home I spent my time watching videos and reading stuff etc, I was so exhausted.. i couldn‘t afford a dog trainer or anything so I had to do it on my own, I tried several stuff from counter conditioning, worked a lot with treats, in the end I did a mixture of everything and it got better with time.. 

so now I can go on a walk with him and actually enjoy it (at least most of the time). He gets alonh well with little dogs , females in general , he‘s extremely dominant though and also insecure, sometimes even anxious towards little dogs which is absurd, because when he see‘s a bigger male dog (not castrated worst case) he gets totally wild and its difficult for me to control him. 
In most cases I can handle him very well but there is particularly one dog which is his hate object nr 1 and he becomes this evil rage machine , it‘s really scary actually. I can‘t call it aggression because it doesn‘t describe it at all. In that state I cannot do much. I tell him to STOP It, try to make him sit, making eye contact , which works with other dogs that he doesn’t like but not with his hate objects (that one dog and especially huskies) Even when the dog is not in sight anymore he marks the ground like crazy , growling at the same time, raised hair from neck to tail… 

today we had this encounter in the morning, he went wild, I tried but couldn‘t control him, he bit me in the leg. I was so angry and so sad because I thought that we passed that shit already, it was a huge relapse. most people find it funny when he gets angry because he‘s little and cute , he always has this beauty bonus. In the first months I always tried to find excuses for this behaviour(he‘s traumatized etc , he was abandoned) but I think it‘s his extremely dominant attitude which has nothing to do with the past. On the other hand he‘s the cutest dog, he really is. 

What is really concerning for me is the level of rage and aggression , he goes from 0 to 10000, it also happened that he got along well with a dog and all of a sudden he got mad and attacked the other dog without any warning. He’s so unpredictable and I’m afraid that he could seriously harm another dog. Of course other owners find it funny because “cute little dog gets angry“ “don‘t worry, it‘s ok“.. no it‘s not. another big problem is the vet. We were three (!!!) people trying to control and hold him for one vaccine. I don‘t know what happens if he gets ill and needs treatment … even the vets said it to me “this is not normal. We have seen extrem cases of nervous and anxious dogs at the vet.“ 

I tried to get him used to a muzzle, we trained that but he gets paralized as soon as he wears it, he wouldn‘t move .. i don‘t think that wearing a muzzle is the solution, I wish it was. He also rejects any kind of collar, he turns into a depressed thing, he only wears a harness for walks. Don‘t know what he went through and why he hates other dogs so much. 
At home he‘s cute and I‘m happy with him, he sleeps at his place, no begging at the table (of course he tries but he goes back to his place when I tell him) , no destruction or aggression problems, he waits for my commando to start eating , no extrem barking only when excited for something.. one vet said to me that I should not give him affection, no petting, no cuddling, only one place for him, all rooms forbidden, basically only nos nos nos.. i mean, this is not the solution right? We have rules, like I wrote above, but I don‘t think that something would change for the better if I stopped petting him. 

I hope this wasn‘t too much.. it would be nice to hear other experiences , maybe someone knows something, I would appreciate that alot! Thank you!!"
480,DogAdvice,"Hiccups for hours, vomits sometimes","Three year old hound. Every other day, he gets hiccups and sometimes vomits. Not sure, but vomiting may stop hiccups.

Any idea why, what to look for, and other general advice?"
481,DogAdvice,Puppy got her shots and now the bottom of her tail/back is bothering her A LOT. Is this just normal post shots?,"13 week old puppy got her second round and now she cries every time I pick her up or try and pet her. The sensitive area seems to be the bottom of her tail. Should I be concerned? Or is it just normal for her to have some tenderness around there after shots? I thought it would be more her hip than her tail. Was thinking about calling the vet in the morning but wanted to see if anybody else has had a similar thing with their dog. 

Another slight concern, she isn’t crazy about her food. All my puppies in the past have been food crazy and she just eats however much she wants (less than the bag suggests) and then walks away from it. She’s a healthy weight and is growing fast. Just curious if this is concerning or a good sign that she only eats if she’s hungry."
482,DogAdvice,Growths on toes ( more in comments),
483,DogAdvice,Watching a second dog for the holiday - Any Tips?,"Hi folks -- I'm watching a friend's dog for the week. My 1-year old pup and this 6-year old pup have met and socialized a few times (one at my place, a couple of times at theirs, and once out on a ""family hike"") and while they have different energy levels have played a bit and everything has been okay. However, I'd still like folks' tips/advice on how to make sure the week goes as smoothly as possible. I don't have guests over a ton, and though neither dog has shown any hint of being territorial, my pup is a little bit of an attention hog (in particular hogging any dog/human third party attention)."
484,DogAdvice,My dog is acting anxious about being inside because of flies?,"I have a 10 year old lab/husky mix who has always been a very… emotional, dog.  He picks up on vibes, gets depressed if it’s not a nice day out, extra anxious with loud noises, etc.  However recently he’s been acting like he’s afraid to be inside.  At first we thought it was because his ear was bothering him but we’ve cleaned his ear up now and he’s still acting like this.  Then when he sees a fly he jumps up and runs off when it didn’t even really fly near him.  Flies have been getting in the house a lot lately but it’s getting to a point with the dog where he refuses to come inside and we have to chase him around the yard to leash him and bring him in after he’s been out for so long.  He’ll tremble and have his tail tucked and we can’t figure out how to calm him because we’re not even 100% sure it or the flies causing this reaction.  He isn’t afraid of them when he’s outside and they buzz around him but inside is different for some reason.  I just don’t know if maybe it’s the flies or if something else medically is going on with him maybe?  And then if it is the flies I don’t know how to calm him.
We just don’t know what to do and are really worried"
485,DogAdvice,Spot appeared 10 days ago and is getting bigger.,This is a 75 lb neutered female lab. She doesn’t seem to notice this spot. It first appeared as the hair slightly lighter in color but now the hair is much lighter and very course. The skin underneath looks darker than the surrounding area. Anyone have an idea what this might be?
486,DogAdvice,Small white lump on dogs paw pad feels like a little pimple,
487,DogAdvice,Hard lump under skin of my 8 month old Great Pyrenees,Hi! New dog owner here. Got my 8 month old male GP about 2 months ago. He is an outside working dog on a farm. Today I noticed while petting him a hard lump about the size and shape of a lipstick tube on his left shoulder blade. I've never noticed it before and I spend a lot of time out there with him petting him. At first I thought it was a bone protruding but nothing similar on the other side. I pressed hard on it and he did not react so it doesn't seem like it is causing him pain but I am concerned about him. He is not limping or anything and is eating and drinking and acting normal. Any advice on what it could be?
488,DogAdvice,"Dog ate paper muffin wrapper 1.5 days ago, seems fine but hasn’t passed it.","Advice needed- our 20 pound Westie ate a banana nut muffin wrapper Sunday morning (1.5 days ago). We have been monitoring her and she’s her normal self. She pooped yesterday evening and this morning and both were normal. Her appetite has been good.

Overnight she did throw up a little in her crate which she does from time to time (tends to randomly eat things on our back patio) and she did not poop yet this evening.

Is she ok if it doesn’t pass? Is it possible it is dissolving? It was just a standard paper wrapper on the muffin. We are supposed to travel for thanksgiving tomorrow and she is supposed to be at her daycare place for the week.  Not sure of what to do here."
489,DogAdvice,3yo female was spayed 16 days ago. does her wound look ok? she is booked into the vets for tomorrow as she seems to still be in pain but I'm not sure if it's the spay or something else...,
490,DogAdvice,Came home and realized my dog has the really big mark under his eye that appears to be a scratch any idea what this may be?,
491,DogAdvice,"The dog has been vomiting whole food for two days, is it worrying? (Ate rice at lunch",
492,DogAdvice,How do I build confidence cutting black dog's nails?,"This is just after a trim, and I trim regularly. But her nails are just so black!! I feel like I don't take enough length off, but I'm terrified of hitting her quick. I know the visual 'tricks'to determine when you're close to the quick but I still feel like a ball of anxiety trying to avoid hitting it. She also just has a stupid long quick, even when she gets professionally groomed &amp; has her nails dremeled they're still pretty long. She is good about trims, it's me that has the issue."
493,DogAdvice,Leaking fluid from paws,"My 13yo boxer pit mix has some issues with swelling and fluid retention. He’s seen two different vets, one charged us $800 to tell us they don’t know what’s going on, the other said heart cancer and he would die in a few weeks. This was about a year and a half ago. Normally he swells up for about a week, then pees it all out. This time is worse, the swelling isn’t going down like it normally does. He is leaking a clear fluid from his paws, and it’s like a lot. The vet can’t get him in until next week, and I refuse to go back to the emergency vet who told us they didn’t know. I don’t know what to do for him, the person from the vets office I spoke to didn’t seem like she believed that he was actually leaking from his paws. What could it even be?"
494,DogAdvice,Adorable names for a pomeranian/spitz?,"I'm getting a little boy on Sunday and need to think of names, he's a fluff ball and looks like a teddy bear.

I like names that are very cute sounding, I'm not a huge fan of human names unless it's something that it still cute like Koda, milo or has two names in one like teddy/short for Ted.

But yeah feel free to comment name ideas for my baby 🥰"
495,DogAdvice,Do dogs always bleed when on their period?,"My stepmoms 1.5 y/o ShitPu has never bled, she’s shown other signs of being in heat though on occasions ie: licking vulva, enlarged/pinker vulva, hormonal changes like being extra needy, annoying my dog more etc.. it does all happen at the same time the only thing she’s never done is bled.  Just wondering if this is normal as my own dog was spayed when i rescued her and all previous dogs were male so im not experienced with dog periods. tia"
496,DogAdvice,Can/should I introduce my puppy to my mom’s dogs and let him out in the yard?,"I just got a puppy (my first ever pup). He is 8.5 weeks old. I have a rescue dog that is 7 (I have had him for 2.5 years). I introduced the pup and my dog just a few days ago. They have been doing well together so far, though they are always supervised of course and are separated at night or when I have to go to work.

Its important to note that my pup is working on potty training using puppy pads and hasn’t touched grass yet (or really been outside). 

I am going to my parents’ house for Thanksgiving this week. My parents have two dogs and a large fenced in yard. My pup has had his first round of puppy shots (after which I introduced him to my dog). He will be getting his second round before I go to my parents’ house. 

My questions are, should I let him outside in their fenced in yard under supervision for a short amount of time (so he can touch grass and explore some) or should I keep him in the room I’ll be staying in, in isolation? Also, should I allow him to be introduced to my parents’ dogs? All of our dogs are up to date on shots and monthly flea/tick/work medications. I just don’t want to overwhelm the little guy and since this is my first puppy I wanted to ask. TIA"
497,DogAdvice,OTC treatment for moist dermatitis in palliative dog,"Hi! 

My parents have an elderly shih tzu with heart failure, and while she's on medication for that, the plan is to let her go peacefully on her own time. Taking her to the vet upsets her so much that they just automatically refill her meds for her without visits, since the clinic doesn't do tele visits

She isn't fat but has this big fold on her butt, right above her tail, and from the smell and look of it, it seems to be moist dermatitis. While I'm visiting them, I'm gently drying the fold when I can, but I'm at a loss as to what kind of otc powder I can get for her. The vet won't prescribe anything without seeing her, I can't find anyone who will see a new patient over telehealth, and the only experience I have with this was resolved with Neo-Predef powder. 

She doesn't seem to be in pain, but I don't want it to get to the point where she is. Any advice?"
498,DogAdvice,Is this type of play friendly? The neck stuff always makes me nervous so we give them a break when that happens but would love for it to completely stop,
499,DogAdvice,"Interested in buying puppy, found out hes been taken away from mother early.","So I've had my heart set on this puppy from the moment I saw him, he's a pomchi currently 5 weeks.

Now I've been speaking to the breeders, and have found out he's been taken away from the mother early as she stopped producing milk.. I'm assuming around 4 weeks. He was given to them due to them owning the dad (the stud) which means puppy hasn't been completely alone and has had dad with him.

However, I am now very concerned.. this would be my first time owning a puppy and although I am going to do training I'm worried this may be a bad idea.

Is it likely he will have issues? He has been with dad"
500,DogAdvice,Am I overstimulating my food-motivated dog to the point of urination in the house?,"Hi friends, first time rescue mum over here. I’m learning all I can about my new dog—it’s information overload on the web/YouTube so your advice and perspectives are very appreciated.

We adopted our wonderful Raya (2F) from the shelter 3 weeks ago. I’ve observed she LOVES food, nothing she won’t do for a training treat and mealtime is her favorite time. Raya loves the kibble dispensing toys, Lick Mats, Snuffle Mats, stuffed Kongs, you name it. I work from home, so I’m happy to give her these things throughout the day to keep her occupied.

But Raya is frequently peeing in the house (1-2x daily for weeks) despite being healthy and taken outside frequently and given lavish praise/treats for toileting outside. Usually a few ounces of urine in the same spots each time, and I never catch her doing it. 

Seems like whenever I take my eyes off her to focus on something else (my dish, the stove, vacuuming), she’ll stealth-pee and act like nothing happened. I don’t discipline/yell at her or anything, of course.

What’s usually happening when she pees—we’re eating, there’s people food around (I cook a lot), she’s playing with her Wobble (kibble dispensing toy), she’s got some sort of food toy like a Snuffle mat, I’ve left the room and she’s alone or with husband (who she likes but she spends far less time with), I’m vacuuming (I crate her and go slowly/avoid her area to not scare her).

Raya gets 2-3 25+ min walks + quick potty breaks daily, I’d guess she’s outside every few hours (I even set timers). But she’s quite content snoozing on the couch all day.

I’m wondering if it’s possible I’ve rushed her transition to a new home and overloaded her, especially with too much high stimulus food toy time? 

My initial approach was to build up her confidence being alone, since she’d whine/pace/be destructive whenever I’d leave the floor. Also it seemed like she spent a lot of time snoozing or following me around. So, I started giving her a lot of food toy distractions and leave, hoping she’d associate good things with being alone.

What’s going on and what could I be doing wrong? How can I stop the inappropriate peeing?

Thanks in advance, everyone."
501,DogAdvice,Neighbors complaining about my dog…,"I have lived in my current apartments for more than 3 years and have had my dog for as of today 1 year and 8 months, a maltipoo that weighs no more than 8.5 pounds. I had downstairs neighbors who were always great and our friends, never seemed to complain about a single thing and even then we would acknowledge if we were a bit loud and apologize to them when we could. There were over 3 people living in that apartment and they had a dog the same as us so my dog was always able to play around with their dog and we all got along great. Eventually though they moved and in came new neighbors and no more than a few weeks later we began to hear them hitting their roof with most likely a broom and at first we didn’t know what it was for as we all tend to stay in our rooms or on the couch, but as time went on we noticed this was happening while my dog ran around with zoomies. Eventually we got a note on our door stating they were tired of the noise and have knocked on our door many times to speak to our face about the matter, but it never said anything about the disturbance of sleep or work mind you, and they said they would hear it more in the afternoon than any other time which no one is home from 11-4 so we had a chat with them face to face and explained the noise as well as introduced our pet to them to clear it up. So we apologized and went our way but fast forward maybe not 2 days later we’re hearing the banging again after trying our best to keep our dog calm and sat, but with the endless hitting of the roof we begin to care less and less and become more annoyed with them as we are try our best to keep our dog quiet and no later than 8:30 too and it’s to be courteous but I will admit I’ve come home at maybe 12 am before and have seen then up and moving almost seems they never sleep, but nonetheless even during the day and afternoon the sound seems still too much and they are constantly complaining. We have carpet, the apartments allow pets, my dog doesn’t have overly long nails as he gets groomed regularly, and the zoomies never last past maybe 10 minutes. We’ve tried everything from speaking to them and addressing the problem which we thought would help them understand us more to keeping our dog quiet, and leaving the balcony doors open for him to sit outside (we have protective railing) and maybe play in. So after all this what more can I do? It seems like they’ll never be pleased."
502,DogAdvice,What is this on my dog’s snout!?,"Noticed this a few hours ago. Behavior is normal, eating and drinking fine. 

Gave my dog Ham earlier and thought it could be an allergic reaction. However, after doing more research I’m concerned it  could be ringworm or a bite.

My emergency vet said it sounds like a skin issue and they don’t have many treatment options for that and recommended primary vet. They are closed until Monday and it’s hard to get appointments.

Any ideas on what it could be? Thanks!"
503,DogAdvice,"Dog only eats bologna, turkey, and hot dogs. This can’t be good for them right?","I’m dog sitting the cutest lil shih tzu. He’s blind, so they definitely spoil him to make up for it. He’s 12 &amp; lives a very very happy life and sleeps a lot. 

But he barely eats, i’ve been with him for a week and haven’t had to fill up his dry food bowl once, he doesn’t touch it. It stays out all day for him to eat as he pleases. He’s given a good amount of turkey slices for breakfast hand fed, (just store bought deli sandwich meat), then he gets turkey or bologna as a treat every time he goes out. Then for dinner, after his walk they heat up a hot dog in the microwave and cut it up and put it in his dry food, but he just picks the hot dog pieces out then stops eating.

For years they actually only fed him bologna and didn’t even buy dry food. This bothers me so much because there is soooo much salt in bologna. Their argument is that “he’s blind so he deserves a treat” and “it’s the only thing he eats” and “he’s old so it doesn’t matter anyways”. 

Are they hurting him? Is this okay? He seems content and happy, I just worry it’s too much processed meat and salt."
504,DogAdvice,I can't tell if my dream to own a dog is stupid or not,"I can't tell if I'm not being supported enough or if I'm just being stupid

Since I was really young, I've always wanted a papillon dog (tiny dog with pretty ears for those who don't know).  Even when I was a child and didn't know the breed I would draw that exact dog on my school work constantly.


A few months ago I got a dog, a german shepherd puppy, which caused me to have a panic attack since she was so big and clumsy and I worried she would hurt my cat. With a heavy heart, I had to give her away. I was convinced to consider a other cat instead, but deep down I knew I didn't want another cat. I want to take care of a dog. My sister can do it, why can't I?


The problem now is my mother. She's really upsetting me telling me I can't handle a dog when she knows the reason I freaked out. An adult, small, calm temperament dog fixes the problem, and she recommended the solution in the first place. But now she's saying I can't do it and it's breaking my heart. My cat would love some company, he's fine around dogs and loves when other cats come to the window (they don't like him as much as he likes them though).


Am I going mad? Am I really not able to handle a dog? Just thinking about giving up on my dream of owning one has me in tears. Help?"
505,DogAdvice,2 yo dog is constantly seeking an escape,"We adopted our pup around two years ago when she was approximately 3 months old. One of her littermates had a DNA test done and they are true mutts, but their closest breed matches were Australian Cattle Dog &amp; Boxer. In most aspects, she is a fantastic dog. Loyal, smart, energetic, sweet, and a great big sister to our 5 month old shepherd. 

However, whenever she is let outside she seeks an escape, no matter where or how much space she’s given. We live in the city but have a reasonably-sized fenced in yard. She is CONSTANTLY searching for or creating holes in the fence trying to escape. When she’s at the dog park, which is a massive space of land, she is sniffing the perimeter searching for a way to leave. When we visit my mom, who lives on an acre+ of fenced in land and has other dogs for her to play with, she STILL seeks a way to leave.

When we picked her up for adoption, she was flagged by the agency as a flight risk, which we took to mean she would flee when panicked or scared. We were gentle in our care and have done all we know how to do to make her comfortable. We do not believe she is fleeing from fear, just maybe curiosity and boredom.

She does not lack in enrichment and exercise. She goes for long walks, runs around like crazy in our yard, visits the dog park almost every day, and plays with our other dog 24/7. She eats well, sleeps well, etc.

Has anyone dealt with this before? We would love any insight and advice. We of course take all precautions to keep her safe, especially in the city, and we don’t leave her out for long stretches, and never alone. But it feels like every time we let our guard down she finds a way to get out. Thank you in advance!"
506,DogAdvice,Does anyone in this subreddit have pet insurance on their animals?,"If you do, is it worth it? Do they truly cover a good amount of any costs of emergencies?

I had adopted a puppy a year ago who sadly passed away from the Parvo virus shortly after adoption.

(His around the clock treatment and monitoring at the animal hospital cost me more about 6,000 and some change)

I want to adopt again eventually within the next year or so, but this time around I want pet insurance right out the gate.
My mother however mentioned to me how she knew someone who had a dog that needed hip surgery and they had their dog insured and apparently it didn’t help much so now I’m looking to hear what other peoples opinions are who have it and used it."
507,DogAdvice,My Shiba inu is overweight and im trying to find a diet that works for him,"I have a male , shiba inu age 5, who is incredibly lazy and even though I try to get him exercise and bring him for walks, he hates every minute of it. He fights me after a block and tries to pull back every minute after that. For the most part he just wants to hang out, sleep and lay in the sun, which im okay with, but im worried about his weight. 

Hes gaining weight and I decided to pick up an autofeeder to try to cut down and view how much food hes eating. Im using the [wopet smart feeder shown here](https://www.amazon.com/WOPET-Automatic-Dispenser-Distribution-Recorder/dp/B089GG57QL?ref_=ast_sto_dp) but having trouble finding out how much or how often I should dispense food to put him on a diet. 

Does anyone have any recommendations of resources, or how much and how often I should be feeding him? The unit of measurement on the app is in portions which are roughly 5g of food I believe. Any help would be greatly appreciated."
508,DogAdvice,Advice on bathroom training a bit older dog,So my family got a dog from our neighbor they no longer could keep. She’s around 4 or 5 years old but she grew up learning on pee pads. We now are trying to train her outside and she will go outside but the pee pad instincts are still there so she will pee on any mats in the house. What’s odd though is if we leave the house for 8 hours she won’t do anything to the mats but if we go to the basement without her then she’s likely to pee on them. Does anyone have experience snapping a pee pad habit from a dog?
509,DogAdvice,Any help/advice for my dying dog ?,"He is 15years old pomeranian and since last week he stopped walking. I took him to the hospital multiple times and found out his kidney is failing, and has stones in his bladder. His creatin level was 8. The doctor said there's not much they can do, except transfusion but he is too old to do any such treatments.        
Since yesterday he's unable to pass urine, and barely walks. most of the time simply stands there motionless. Today I took him to the pet hospital and they took the urine there at the hospital. Today he's crying again and I am going to take him to the hospital again to do the same.  I know age is a big factor, but is there any tips to improve his health ? He's everything to me and I can't sleep at all. :/"
510,DogAdvice,Why won't my dog stop growling at my other dogs?,"Dog A won't stop growling at my other 3 dogs and it's honestly annoying now. If one of the three even slightly approach me or her she'll start growling. It's pretty rare to when she'll not growl. My family keeps on saying she's trying to ""mark her territory"" and whatever. But I'm worried it's beyond that since she does it EVERYDAY and will not stop. All 4 of my dogs understand ""Stop"" and ""No"". This dog will listen to literally anything else if I have to tell her No or to Stop. But on this one issue she refuses to listen. It's now annoying as I can barely attend to my other dogs while she's following me because she'll usually growl.
Any idea on why she keeps on doing this? 
And Any idea on maybe how to train her Not to do it since my normal thing ain't working. 

Some things that you might need to know maybe not idk
She's female
Beagle-Terrior Mix
Around Small to Medium Size.
She'll never bite but only growl.
My other dogs are also female
My other dogs, 2 are big and 1 is about medium.
She's 5 years old my other dogs are 9, 9, and 3 years old."
511,DogAdvice,Can anybody help me?,"I have a 2 year old austrailan labradoodle that we got from a breeder, I was the one that asked for him and so did my brother but mainly me. From 6 months he has ALWAYS swallowed socks, underwar, scrunchies ect, we have  gon so far to put up extra tall baby gates on all bedroom doors and to the laundry room. He was diagnosed with pica at the age of 8 monthes and it has just gotton worse and worse. My mom bought him because me and my brother wanted him, She never intended for Duke, the dog, to get so attached to her. She has a really bad sickness Lupus and other things that cause her to work from bed, duke haas always been there. We have noticed that since we got our other dog Ruby he has gotton huge anxiety, whenever my mom leaves the house he stops whatever he is doing and bolts to the door to try to go with her, whenever me and Vince hug her he is right there with us. We cant send him to daycare because he isn't the type of dog that likes playing with other dogs, he stays to my mom. This problem is getting really bad to the point were if Ruby goes near my mom he will try to dominate her, they are both spayed and neutered btw.Whenever I walk into my moms room in the morning he ALWAYS jumps of the bed and grabs either a shoe or a a blanket or a shirt ect, too direct the attention to him.

&amp;#x200B;

My mom works with kids and adults with autism and owns several businesses so she knows that he is doing this. We cant find a solution and we have tried everything from medicine to dog watchers, nothing helps please respond."
512,DogAdvice,"I’m sorry to be posting a pic of a turd, but …","Daisy was spayed back in October, and her vet said that everything healed perfectly.  Ever since, her poop has been different (its on/off - some days she gets lots of treats bc we’re still training her). I know dark coloured poop can indicate blood, however I’m not sure if it should look more dark-red than this, before considering a vet visit. This is the first time it happened. I’m also concerned about the mucus? I gave her a bit of boiled brown rice about a day ago, could it be too high in fibre for her/ irritating her digestive process?

Please help!"
513,DogAdvice,Teeth showing advice.,"We have one of the most placid cockapoos that we bred last year, she has been an amazing mother during the whole process and we kept 2 of the puppies. Recently the mum has started showing her teeth when little children get in her face and pet her. We assume it's perhaps a motherly instinct and we do our best to prevent the issue. Has anyone else experienced this or have any advice on it?"
514,DogAdvice,Why does it look like this dog has multiple pupils? (not nsfw but is weird to see),"My grandparents dog was begging for food yesterday when a sunbeam illuminated his eye in such a way that it seemed like he had three pupils. I had difficulty processing it momentarily because one of them seemed like a shadow, but was eventually able to get some decent pictures. He doesn't seem to be acting differently and my grandparents claim they can't see what I'm talking about.

Aside from what looks to be a cataract, can anyone tell what's going on with his eye? Is it some degenerative thing, weird anisocoria presentation, absolutely nothing and just this particular dogs eyes?"
515,DogAdvice,Pup doesn't have appetite for lunch,"I was wondering if anyone else has a similar issue with their pup. My 10 months old mutt is slowly stopping to eat/not eating her whole bowl of dry kibble at lunchtime. I feed her twice a day, once at noon and once in the evening. For lunchtime she's barely eating, but in the evening she gobbles down her food. She seems otherwise normal, being the energetic trouble maker as always. It has been getting hotter and drier during the last few days, so I'm wondering if maybe the heat is causing her to lose some apetite during the day. Or maybe she's fed up with dry kibble and only eats after her evening walk when she's actually truly hungry?

Anyhow, just wanted to know if you guys have had similar experiences with your pups. She's scheduled to do full blood work next week as a check up (she's had a rough start in life with multiple health issues) so if anything is off I'll know soon. I contacted my vet when she started eating less but she told me since the pup is still eating dinner well and is energetic/playful like normal it's nothing to be alarmed about just yet."
516,DogAdvice,Every Saturday. I travel for work and the dog next door to my apt cries all weekend during the day. My dog is like “what’s happening”?,
517,DogAdvice,Can't believed he looked like this. (Look on page to see how he looks now!),
518,DogAdvice,Dog Sick and Vets can’t figure out why,"My 6year old dog (mixed breed but not sure exactly what breed since he was a rescue, about 18lbs) has been sick for the last two weeks and the vet can’t figure out what is wrong with him. 

About 7 weeks ago he hurt his back legs/back. He was outside to pee and he yelped randomly. We brought him to the vet and they said it might be a slipped disk and to keep him off his back two legs as much as possible. For about 3-4 weeks after he couldn’t walk up the stairs in our home and he had some weakness in his back legs. 

He started to get better but was never at 100%. We tried to limit his walking up stairs as much as we could because we wanted him to give his body a chance to heal. 

Then about 6 weeks after the injury he started to get gastro symptoms. He started to throw up and diarrhea. We brought him to the vet and they did a blood test and found that his white blood cells were elevated. He started to recover from the gastro 4 days later but the vet had recommended we put him on antibiotics due to the elevated white blood cells. We started the antibiotics on day 4 of him having gastro like symptoms. On day 5 he started to act more like himself. He had an appetite again and was more or less back to normal except his back legs were still weak. He was back to normal for 6 days then at night he started shaking and wouldn’t eat his food. 

We brought him back to the vet the next day and he had a fever of 104.5. We were sent for X-rays to check for any issues with his hips, legs, and chest and all came back normal. We also did blood work to check for ticks, heart worm and other tick borne illnesses and all came back clear as well. 

The following day he was sent for an ultrasound and he came back all clear as well. However he still had a fever of 104.18. At this point the vet is not sure what can be causing him to be sick. We were given a stronger antibiotic that also has some anti inflammatory in it and just started him on this last night. They’re thinking it might be an acute infection somewhere that they haven’t been able to locate OR the start of pancreatitis, however they’re not sure at this point.

Has anyone had a similar experience with their pup? Any ideas/advice on how to help him? Thanks for your input."
519,DogAdvice,Found this on our dog's leg. Any clue what this is? She doesn't seem to be bothered by it. Looks like a huge pimple or pus.,
520,DogAdvice,Are they playing?,
521,DogAdvice,Found this on our dog's leg. Any clue what this is? She doesn't seem to be bothered by it. Looks like a huge pimple or pus.,
522,DogAdvice,"My parents adopted a 5 month old Great Pyrenees, is her behavior concerning?","My parents adopted a Great Pyrenees puppy two days ago, she is a 5 month old female. One of my relatives said they saw her walking around before we came in, but the moment us and the breeder came into her space, she was cornering herself, acting shy and not moving or trying to get away from us, while the golden retriever in the cage next to her was jumping and licking our hands. I know a Pyr isn't quite as playful as a Golden, but the breeder told us this one have always been shy and her sister who was adopted one day before was said to be active and playful. The breeder told us they did not fed her this day, so she doesn't puke in the car.

&amp;#x200B;

In the car (my parents were driving for two hours), she kept doing this thing where she was pointing her snout to her stomach and she farted a few times. When we came back home, she was cornering herself, looking at us like we had just punished her, and refused to eat and drink until night, also didn't pee and poop the day my parents took her home.

&amp;#x200B;

The next day, she both peed and poop and it looked normal, she agreed to eat (same brand as the breeder fed her, something ProPlan) and drink, and today the same. She is still isn't particularly active or cuddly, though, and all she wants to do is go in the garden, but she mostly pees at home (hopefully, that is just temporary). We haven't been able to walk her outside of the garden yet, because she doesn't move much and she is very stubborn about it. She is not fearful at all with our cats and us, though. She is shy, and extremely calm (she barked just once), but not exactly scared of us.

&amp;#x200B;

She still does the snout pointing at her stomach, though, and I think she farted again, I'm not sure if it's anything we should be worried about?

&amp;#x200B;

I know she is new and this is not a cuddly/playful breed necessarily, but does that sound normal? I'm not a dog person at all, and this is the first time my parents got this breed"
523,DogAdvice,Winter bootie recommendations!,"The full midwest winter could likely happen at any time now…So if you know of any booties that keep paws warm, dry and salt free, please link them below! 

I am open to all avenues, including etsy! As I know homemade ones may actually turn out to be the best?? 
I’ve googled and looked at countless articles, but I would rather get advice here from people who can actually attest to what they use. 

Our new guy is 5 months and settling in to his first week with us, but with the light freezing and salt already where we walk, I don’t want to put his paws in jeopardy! They say he is a boxer/pointer mix, and has webbed feet, if that helps with recommendations. (Official DNA results are already pending 🐶) 

Thanks and appreciate you all in advance!"
524,DogAdvice,What are these light spots on my dogs nose? Is it just normal aging (she’s 6) or should I be concerned? They appeared a week or so ago,
525,DogAdvice,I need help and don't know where to turn,"I'm a 16 year old male, my family owns a 6 year old German Shepherd and for the most part he's a great dog he gets a long great with friends and family and he's super sweet but he has issues with other dogs and I don't know what to do about it. I'm the only one who can really do anything as my parents aren't willing to pay for a dog trainer or put in any work themselves. My dad isn't great with him and is too prideful to admit it or ask for help and my mom just doesn't get involved.

&amp;#x200B;

it should be said he of course is a big dog much bigger than most german shepherds up to 90-110 pounds. When we walk and he sees another dog he starts going rigid just staring at the dog sometimes just sniffing the ground and using that as a way to just look at the dog and then as the dog gets closer his ears will go up and he'll get more rigid and if the dog gets too close he'll start pulling and sometimes growling and barking. I've tried so many times to break his cycle I've used spray bottles to try and get his attention  I've tried ignoring the dog and to keep walking and so that he may take the hint as I've found he tends to look back at me before doing a lot of things but it's like he can't make the connection that he's doing something wrong. He's had dog friends in the past he had a little chihuahua friend that got hit by a car. When I'm not around or when he's at doggy daycare our family has been told that he does fine with other dogs. He's had this problem for a long time but I think it worsened when he was once attacked by a mastiff at around 1 or 2 years old and my dad would probably encourage bad behavior or treat him in ways that did not help him developmentally. 

I love my dog and I know he can do better and don't want to give up but I'm running out of ideas on what to do any help would be appreciated. Apologies if this is somewhat incoherent it's late and I'm kinda just venting to an extent but I need help and need to fix this."
526,DogAdvice,"If dogs don’t like eye contact, how do I look at dogs without making them uncomfortable?","So I understand how awful eye contact can be and the anxiety that comes along with it, I don’t wanna make anything ever feel the level of anxiety I feel. How do I properly look at dogs without making them anxious?

Sorry if this is a dumb question!"
527,DogAdvice,Dog does not sleep at all,"I cannot stand it any longer. He “naps” for like a few hours and wakes up in the middle of the night. He also wakes up very easily if there’s a noise. He’s 1.5 years old and he’s been doing this since he was a puppy. 

Ik dogs are supposed to sleep a lot but he really does not."
528,DogAdvice,Is this a bite?,I've recently got a new foster dog from Spain and he's got this lump on his ear
529,DogAdvice,Shih Tzu shaking in car,"TLDR; My dog shakes in the car and I would like to know how to help her.

I've had my girl now for around a year and a half. I've had her since she was an 8 week old pup and she's an amazing dog. She loves her walks, eats well and have an amazing temperament, but we are unable to take her in the car anywhere. 

My husband has to hold her while I'm driving and she physically shakes and tries to hide her head. It's honestly very upsetting, so she hasn't been in the car for several months as I don't want to subject her to that until I know how to fix the issue. 

Does anyone know of anything I can do myself before I seek help from a professional?"
530,DogAdvice,Complicated housebreaking...,"So about ten months ago, we adopted a dog from a buddy. Hela is a Shi Tzu mutt mix of some kind that they found on the side of the road in the desert about six years ago- she is now roughly 10 years old.

Long story short- buddy works long hours and so does his wife. Hela stayed in a crate overnight and as long as they were at work. Then buddy got two husky pups- and proceeded to not have time for them either. All of them were crated excessively and often together in one large crate which resulted in Hela getting bullied by the huskies.

It was only after she started losing massive amounts of weight did he bother to think about rehoming her. I should mention this is my husband's buddy- who lived nearly two hours from us so we didn't really see the dogs at all until he brought up his difficulty trying to get a shelter to take her.

She was severely matted, dragged her belly across the floor because she was so scared of everything, and emaciated. It was terrible. We decided to take her home, and we've had her ever since.

We've been approaching things one at a time- earning whatever trust she'll give us, getting her used to being on a leash and going on walks, working on her anxiety- little by little. She's now a healthy weight and still super anxious, but it's not nearly a bad as those first few months. We're working with a vet on maybe getting her medicated to sort out the rest since it feels like her days are just so miserable still.

I'm home most of the day, my husband is Navy so he's gone for fair amounts of time. We take her out every 4-6 hours (no yard) which is what we've found to be her limit for bathroom needs.


However. Nighttime is a different story.

Because of the years of excessive crating, she's unable to be left in a crate. Well, I suppose she could, but she's thrashing, crying, and trying to dig her way out the entire time. We didn't really have an option to not crate her, because she's only partially housebroken and I need to sleep. If not crated, she'll mess in the house. Every time. We've tried crate training too, but there's just no point. It's instant deathly panic every time, even if she's in the room with us while crated. Just seeing the crate changes her mood, and she's not a very happy dog to begin with so it's just heartbreaking.

We've finally decided to give up on it - it's not worth the stress she goes through every day and there's literally nowhere I can put her in the apartment that is far enough that she won't wake me up multiple times a night with her panic.

But. Housebreaking.

She technically is housebroken - she knows that she goes to the bathroom outside. However, she will not tell us if she needs to go. Bell training, touch training- nothing worked. She will not tell us. And she will not hold it either. She just goes. Not an issue during the day, but I need to sleep.

We used puppy pads for awhile, thinking there was some success but then we caught our senior cat using them and we found out we were just teaching HIM to piss on the carpet instead. It took months to fix and get him back to using a litter box. Pads are not an option.

So right now it's pretty much either 1) crate her to prevent messing on the carpet overnight, which will destroy her mental health or 2) accept she will piss on the carpet and that there is nothing to be done, just do our best to carpet clean every week. I'm almost to the point of not caring either way, because this stress combined with everything else is way too much on me. Our senior cat is near the end of his life and taking up most of my time and attention- I don't have much left in me.

I have no idea what options we have left are, except maybe diapers overnight. I don't even know if she'll leave them be, or chew them off. She's fine with her winter jacket, but who knows?

Any ideas or advice would be welcome."
531,DogAdvice,Is this just playing? Or is it something we should work on? More in the comments:),
532,DogAdvice,Dog and oral fixations,"Hello everyone! I have a 4 year old female that in the past year and a half or so has become incredibly abimant on constant licking and biting. This includes: her limbs, toys, and her bed.

She will sit there for hours licking her paws, biting at her legs, licking her bed, or sucking on and destroying toys. Im not sure if she has always had this behavior. She grew up with dog siblings and no longer has any, just two cats.

I don't know why she does this and it's not easy to distract her from doing it. She only seems to do it when she is in the bedroom usually at night, but we also don't watch her while she's outside so i am not sure if she does this during the day.

Any clues as to what's going on? We play with her and take her on walks and she is usually with us throughout the day. But it's costing us many toys as she bites through even the ""tough"" toys in a few days."
533,DogAdvice,Any idea on with this is on my dogs ear?,
534,DogAdvice,Dog eczema?,
535,DogAdvice,Issues in crate when away from home,"My 1.5 year old Cavalier is great in her crate at night at home. We go for the bedtime walk and she puts herself to bed when we come in, sleeping through the night. 

Whenever I visit my parents, however, it’s a different story. Generally her anxiety levels go up for the first day or two we’re here. I assume that is because sometimes she stays with them when I travel for work, so she’s unsure if I’m staying or going. When I leave her with them she’s totally fine at night. 

The issue is when I am staying at their house. We do her bedtime walk and she puts herself to bed like at home. But minutes later she is barking. The only solution I’ve found is to go sleep on the couch with her for 30mins to an hour and then put her back to bed. (Usually we’ve spent the hours before bedtime laying on the couch watching a movie so it’s not like she’s missing snuggle time!)

This isn’t regulated to my parents’ house. This summer we got a vacation rental (just me and the dog) and it took to night 4 for her to go to bed with no barking. 

Any ideas on why this happens and how I can resolve it?"
536,DogAdvice,has anyone clipped a quick before?,i havent but im afraid to. my recent rescue has neglected nails that NEED trimming. ive slowly cut them but if i hit the quick what is the best way to help her? trying to be ahead of the issue. she has black nails so i cant see anything.
537,DogAdvice,Sending Mixed Signals?,"Have had my pup for about 6 months (2yr old mix from a shelter) and she does not currently sleep in bed with me. Have been thinking about inviting her up-but know that my boyfriend wouldn’t want her there when he stays over. He’s here about 50% of the time… do you think that would be sending mixed signals and too hard for her to go back and forth?

Here’s a picture of her being real cute as payment. 😊 

Thank you!"
538,DogAdvice,Can you read this body language for me?,
539,DogAdvice,My dog is acting sick,"My dog got into a little fight a couple days ago. And even though he won he’s acting kind of funny. He’s short of breath, taking a lot of naps. Worst of all he’s not eating; I can’t say why but it’s VERY important he stays at a certain weight. 

Do you think he’s ok? I can’t take him to the vet because he says this happens to often and if I come in again he’s gonna tell somebody.

Do you think he’s good?"
540,DogAdvice,Puppy has diarrhea,"Hey everyone. 
My 5 month old Rottweiler mix has had diarrhea for a few days now. 
A couple weeks ago we decided to switch her food. We started off with giving her 1/2 cup new food with 1 1/2 old food twice a day for about 5 days. Then we did 1 cup new food 1 cup old food twice a day for another 5 days, and then did 1 1/2 cups new food and 1/2 cup old food until the old food ran out (around 4 days). She wasn’t having diarrhea until a few days ago probably around the time we started giving her 2 cups twice a day of new food. She is acting completely normal and still full of energy, just up at all hours of the night with the shits and I come home from work with at least one pile of diarrhea on the floor. Tonight for dinner I just fed her 1 cup of plain white rice and will see if that will help. How long should I feed her just rice? Can I feed her anything else to help settle her stomach? Should I keep feeding her this new food? I don’t know if the new food is the issue so I don’t want to switch her food again. Never had issues with switching food for a dog so I don’t really know what to do here!! Thank you!!!!"
541,DogAdvice,Looking for better kibble,"My dog used to be fed IAMS by my parents and I’m looking to switch to a better food. 
My dog is a French bulldog mix and is 4 years old. We are currently paying 2.50 USD per pound and want to stay in that general area. She likes chicken, duck, and turkey, but will eat anything. 
Thanks!"
542,DogAdvice,Is there something wrong with my dogs right eye (your left) she’s had that white ring around it since she was a puppy. The shelter never said anything was wrong with it. I’m just curious what it is,
543,DogAdvice,Skincare advice for dashchund,Hi all I have a 9 month old Dashchund as was wondering if I could get some advice for skincare. Her ears are starting to get dry and scaly and she is starting to get dandruff and must be itchy as she is always rolling herself in the grass in the backyard. The breeder told me to use vinegar baths which I’m going to try out today but was wondering if there was anything else I could do to help her. Any advice would be appreciated thank you
544,DogAdvice,Older dog is acting aggressive,"My older dog is acting up, growled and raised his lip at me

We got a puppy(male)  4 months ago and he is now around the half year mark, he is a nice puppy but sometimes can be somewhat annoying, my older dog (3y male) sometimes reminds him of that by growling at him for a brief second until he submits.
My older dog has show no major issues other than dominating the younger dog, never harming the puppy but playing mouthing games or making him submit when he crosses a line( going after his snack, jumping at his face etc.)
The way we feed them is to tell them to go on their bed, afterwards we put their bowls in their spot and give them the command to go after 3-5 seconds)
I normally feed them at the same time, but a recent trend has happened, where my older dog approaches my puppy, ignoring his own food, and growls at him, when this happens i normally separate them and have them eat alone. 
Today though, he started growling at my puppy and making him submit before i even made them go to bed or put the food down. I found this behaviour bad so 
I sent my dog to another room closed the door and fed the puppy. Then i locked my puppy into a different room and tried to feed the older dog. I put his food down and then told him to go on his bed, but instead of doing so he turned towards me, raised his lips and growled at me, I have previously had a negative experience where he nipped me( less than a cm deep) on my arm when I accidentally provoked( i realise what i did wrong there) but this time it seems almost entirely unprovoked.
Im a little bit shocked right now, I would really like some assistance, I have left my older dog alone in the room he normally rats now and closed the door.
For reference, i am the primary caregiver for the puppy and my older brother for the older dog, he will be returning soon to handle this but i would like to know where i went wrong. Feel free to inquire for more details."
545,DogAdvice,Elbow Dysplasia Postop,"Hi everyone.  
My 5 year old shepherd mix had a subtotal coronoidectomy for her elbow dysplasia on 11/14.  She is limping way worse and hobbling at times.  I'm so upset it seems like she is failing surgery.  She is quarantined and on pain meds.  Follow up appt 11/29.  We are considering putting her down if she doesn't start to make any improvements which is the worst.  
Does anyone have any experience with this recovery and timeline?  I'm under impression we would have seen improvements by now. 
I don't want to rush to losing my best friend but I feel like we are torturing her now.  
Thank you for any of your experiences."
546,DogAdvice,Frenchie woke up not himself,Day after thanksgiving here and he has been laying around.  He threw up in the morning seems a bit feverish and had blood in his poop.  He didn’t eat anything out of the ordinary yesterday that I know of.
547,DogAdvice,Dog afraid of husband only when wife not home,"We've had our rescued street dog for about 3 weeks, which I know is not that long, but if anyone has ideas to help things settle I'd rather implement them sooner than later.

She is on the timid side but very loving.  She took to me and declared me her emotional support human instantly.  And when I am home, she's also very loving with my husband.  She cuddles with him, solicits play, leans into petting, all that good doggy stuff.  However, when I'm not in the house she won't go near him except to hastily snatch treats.  He'd be ok just ignoring her and letting her work through it at her own pace except that she has to go out.  It takes a lot of cajoling for him to get her outside when I'm not home, and then she won't come back in.

When I'm around though, you'd think she was the perfect dog and the two of them had been buddies for years.  How can we help build their trust faster so she can pee on the days I work from the office without spending all day in the rain waiting for me to be the one to invite her back in?"
548,DogAdvice,Help with dog frequently choking?,"Disclaimer before anyone panics: my sweet dog is not currently choking!!

My sweet little dog, a 1yo Cavalier, chokes on treats very easily. We use her kibble for regular treats on walks (Royal Canin Digestive Care Mini) which she seems to enjoy except for the fact that she has choked on them multiple times now.

She has this kibble for breakfast but the choking has really only occurred while we use it as a treat on walks so far.

This obviously terrifies me. Today was particularly scary as at took multiple attempts before we dislodged the treat and she breathed.

Obviously, we won't be using the kibble for treats again. I am calling our vet tomorrow to see if she needs to be checked over for it, and booking a first aid course.

I am wondering what we can use to reward her on walks without the choking hazard? And if anyone has any suggestions on how we can make it less likely she chokes?"
549,DogAdvice,Will I have to put my dog down?,"Dog’s (GSD mix, 8 yo, ~100lbs) other CCL (ACL) blew out this morning and no vet is open to see him. What can I do to help him and make him more comfortable? What can I expect? He can’t walk and is reactive when we try to help him with a makeshift sling (e.g. a blanket/towel). He needs to use the restroom but I have no clue how to help him without adding more discomfort or stress to his situation. My mind is jumping to the worst case scenario where I’ll have to put him down.  

Any advice would be much appreciated."
550,DogAdvice,Aggressive Chewers,"I’m look to order a few new toys for my pup. He’s about 65+ pounds, 9 months, Pit mix and he loves to rip things apart. Any recommendations from the owners with aggressive chewers."
551,DogAdvice,white lump on my dog..? is it just a blister or?,
552,DogAdvice,Is there something wrong with my dog? She has been blinking a lot even after sleeping.,
553,DogAdvice,Reactive dog with bite history,"Hello, I’m in a very tough spot and unsure of what to do. My boyfriend and I have a 2 year old pit mix that we got from the shelter in January. He has a history of being abandoned and we knew this and wanted him anyways. Around us, he is the sweetest cuddle bug and very obedient. However, there have been multiple instances where (usually men) have gotten in his space or stuck their hand out and he has snapped at them, enough to draw some blood. He doesn’t like when people come into our apartment either. We did 20 1-hour lessons with a trainer but she mostly worked on his reactivity during walks and overall obedience, which we all see improvement on. Yesterday our dog bit my uncle when I was not around (probably my fault leaving him with my mom), anyways, this seems to be the last straw for my boyfriend. He wants to put him down. I do not want to give up on him because he is so sweet with us, just gets fearful of strangers. What does anyone here think we should do?"
554,DogAdvice,Is my dog (black and white spot) enjoying daycare?,
555,DogAdvice,Old age,Dogs getting colder with old age she will be 13 next year is it animal abuse to give her a t shirt or jumper ? I’ve seen people say people who dress their dogs up are animal abusers.
556,DogAdvice,Chewing Wooden furniture,"I have two dogs, a two year old lab and a one year old mastiff. When we are around they are great and cuddly and well behaved. But any time we are both at work they keep finding new wood to chew. First it was the baseboards, then the dining chair backs and today I come home to the tv stands corner all chewed up. 

I know I don’t walk them enough, but I always try to buy new toys and they destroy them in minutes. 

Is there any way to stop the furniture chewing besides just tiring them more?"
557,DogAdvice,Best life hacks for fleas,Hey folks! We've been dealing with a flea attack the last couple of weeks and I'd be curious to hear if anyone has good and perhaps lesser known hacks that have worked for them to keep the nasty critters at bay.
558,DogAdvice,My girlfriend's dog is obsessive over me to the point of concern.,"Hi everyone I hope your holiday was great. I am coming to you all because we are having an issue that I cannot find material on. 
We have been dating since July and her pup has increasingly become more obsessed with me that it went from cute to very concerning. This isn't the jump on me for 15 minutes kind of deal. She will not stop licking me or climbing in my face when I am around. My SO can walk away and she will still keep doing it.
  We have tried me ignoring her,  keeping her off the couch, no eye contact but she just gets even more anxious and obsessed. We recently have had to start putting her in her crate when I am over due to being unable to eat or have conversations anymore. 
Is there something I can do or some method to reinforce that this is not okay behavior? I am not too upset about it but I hate the stress I can see it gives my partner from not being able to relax."
559,DogAdvice,Rant: people who make blatant assumptions,"I have a pit bull boxer mix, he’s a rescue and a big baby. I’ve had him almost 10 years. I was talking to two other dog owners who both made the dumb assumption that he’s a bad dog and aggressive because he’s a pit bull. When I corrected them and said that he’s actually very sweet the man goes “oh so he was a bait dog then? That’s so sad” 

Sir you are so ignorant. He’s always been well trained and trusting. He was found on the streets, and my assumption is that either his previous owners lost a very sweet dog or they dumped him because they couldn’t have him.. or maybe he ran away because they were bad owners. But there is no evidence he was ever a “bait dog” for dog fights. No scars, no aversion to other dogs or people. Just a big snuggle bug. 

I’m not mad at this man, but I’m definitely questioning his intelligence and that he seems the type to make massive assumptions.. idk where I’m going with this, I just wanted to share"
560,DogAdvice,Does anvone know what’s happening to her? She’s been coughing for 4 days straight. Over night her right eye keeps closing while her other eye is open. Third eye lid keeps closing her right eye and discharge is appearing as well. I’m literally trying my best not to freak out,
561,DogAdvice,dry patch on both tip of each ear. hair and dry skin falls off when i touch it. she doesn’t seem to itch it. i’ve been putting a balm on it do you think it needs a vet visit?,
562,DogAdvice,Worms in my dogs faeces? She was only wormed a month ago and no other droppings have worms that we can see- is this potentially really dangerous?,
563,DogAdvice,This kid loves snacks! They all go to Grandma's house to steal Puni's feed 😂,
564,DogAdvice,10 weeks old rescued puppy! Any advice which breed is him?,
565,DogAdvice,Rescue advice pls!,"So at titles says Noodles is a rescue!  *little back story the owner unfortunately died last weekend and that meant that Noodles mum and dad aswll as a bother and a sister needs a new home*  we previously had a staff names Misty she lives a happy and long life of 15y 8mths 3 days

We have had Noodles for a total of 3 days now and she is still very timid and frightened to hell, she will do stuff like get up, eat, toilet but we mustn't wach her or she just sits down and stares your down, but she's very tamed as she will let you pick her up, brush her, bath her and she does not flinch one bit! But will give you the side eye while doing it, Maybe the odd shiver but that's it, we still haven't heard one word/bark/sound out of her yet which is very strange...

Anyone had experience with a rescue? Or anyone know bit more about the cocker spaniel bread that I must know? Or does anyone know any tips or ticks to help her settle in faster/become more playful and confident?

She is a very good girl and she does pee herself on fright so it's as expected, sue does like treats but won't take from your hand or won't eat if your looking, 

happy to buy whatever need to be done to make this little fur ball more comfy.."
566,DogAdvice,"Red testes, balls have been this red every other day or so.. does lick himself sometimes but not excessively..is this normal?",
567,DogAdvice,Is this normal? His nails look almost like they are becoming hollow.,
568,DogAdvice,"[help] My 7 year old was diagnosed with Pyometra, putting her down next week, need help coping","
Hi everyone,
I’m really writing this for help on how to cope with this. My 7 year old pomeranian/poodle Nala (my first pet) ate chocolate 2 weeks ago; we took her to the vet where she was then diagnosed with diabetes and lost her eyesight the next day (we had a gofundme set up for that but didn’t raise enough money to restore her sight). Because she was vomiting from the chocolate they put her on a round of antibiotics; she was doing better with the insulin combined with antibiotics, and we took her to the vet yesterday to have a blood glucose monitor installed on her where she was then diagnosed with Pyometra. Her blood sugar is extremely high at 350+ (over what our reader can see) and the pyometra has made her resistant to insulin. For those unfamiliar, pyometra is an infection in the uterus which causes the uterus to rupture this filling the abdomen with pus (where the dog will die in less than a couple of days). We unfortunately don’t have the money for emergency pyometra surgery (ranging from $1-3k) and we’re going to have to put her down within the next week to avoid a super painful eventual death; she has a life expectancy of a couple more weeks with pyometra. I had a gofundme set up for cataract surgery to restore her eyesight, which raised around $330, and was going to use that for her urgent pyometra surgery instead but unfortunately it isn’t enough money and we won’t be able to raise enough within the next week to save her.
I just wanted to know how to cope with this. We have no option but to euthanize her and this has been extremely tough for my family and I as she is our first pet. To anyone whose pet passed away I really would like to understand the grieving process and if it’ll get any easier. It has been hard enough already and it’s only been a day since the news; I hope I had done enough for her with the gofundme and all which didn’t raise much but that was my effort. This was all very sudden as she was happy and healthy just a couple of weeks ago. I’ll be spending my last week with her doing everything she loves. Thank u guys in advance."
569,DogAdvice,Hydrolyzed protein food,"I have a 2.5 yo ACD mix who has a history of HGE. Dog had little appetite and loose stool so put him on a sensitive stomach food and daily probiotic and both seemed to improve a little bit still having bouts of HGE. Put him on Royal Canin hydrolyzed protein a couple of weeks ago and he now seems to always be hungry (which I take me mean he no longer has an upset stomach). His poop went from a little loose to really pretty dry. Not long enough to know whether HGE will reoccur m. 

Does anyone have a dog on this food with some insight? At $55/7 lbs I’m hoping we may not always need to be on this but I suspect we will. Should I be concerned about the dry stool and anyway to fix it? Was your dog ever able to have treats again or did you have to stay on a really strict diet? Any general thoughts or comments would be appreciated as well. Especially is you have more information about the cause of your dogs underlying problem. We are at a bit of a loss with my pup.

Thanks!"
570,DogAdvice,My dog tore out two of his nails.,"1. He did this trying to escape the yard. 

2. There were about two teaspoons of blood. He’s a Pomeranian.

Should I take him to the vet? I have been nursing him in a towel."
571,DogAdvice,What’s in my dogs poop?! Worms? Pieces of rope toy? What’s the coating?!,
572,DogAdvice,Dog Poop Insight Needed!,
573,DogAdvice,"My dog has injury!!! Vets are closed for thanksgiving, could anyone please let me know how can I treat him?",
574,DogAdvice,There's this weird scab on my dog's throat and he won't sit still long enough for us to get a proper look at it. It feels like matted hair but scabby and flaky. Has any other dog owners seen this on their dog? What is it?,
575,DogAdvice,What is going on with my dog???,
576,DogAdvice,Small cyst/wound on 6 year old German shepherd. Does anyone know if this is something I should take her to the vet for? She doesn’t seem to be in pain but has been licking it off and on. You normally cannot see it without moving the fur unless she has been licking the spot. More info in comments,
577,DogAdvice,Dog growling/snapping at kids,"My dogs about three years old and never had this behavior before, we’ve had him since he was about 6 weeks old.  My sister is staying is with us and has two children (3/4) and he’s snapped and growled at the youngest. We’ve caughtt them both pulling on his tail and ears and trying to take food and toys away from him, we are trying to educate the kids not to do this. He has snapped at me once but he was asleep and I believe I scared him when I woke him up but I can pick up his toys or really mess with him without any problem.  I don’t want anything to happen to the children, am I going to have to get rid of my baby or is there hope? Any advise/experiences would be appreciated. Thanks"
578,DogAdvice,Shaved down a matted/pelted dog at work and saw this. What is this embedded in the dogs skin? A little puss came out of it too.,
579,DogAdvice,Separation anxiety,"Anyone have advice for a 6 month old puppy who has some separation anxiety. She is fully crate trained and is fine when crated, whether I am home or go out, but if not in her crate and I leave the room she gets anxiety:  cries, paces, almost panicked, even if someone else is still in the room with her. Only had her for 1 month so we’re working on basic obedience still (sit, stay, come, etc). What do we do? Help!"
580,DogAdvice,How to enrich my working/field golden retriever?,"  Howdy. 

I'm a brand new owner of a now 3 month old ""field line"" golden retriever. We are not hunters, just didn't realize goldens..were actually working dogs. Silly me. 

Anyway, I'm not gonna just force her to be a dog she isn't and it's clear already that she has some kind of prey drive or wants to go get birds. We got her from breeders that are hunters, and breed/train for huntin' dogs. 


So I'm wondering what kind of games/tasks are enriching for my ginger. Obviously fetch is a hit.. and I will be getting her a flirt pole. 

Is there anything else I can do to stimulate her retriever brain besides becoming an actual fowl hunter? Lol

Also, she loves to dig. The snuffle mats on Amazon seem lame, I tried one for my 2yo bichon and I just can't see how it's made for digging or even nose work. 



Should I be getting her toys that looks like birds? What do you think are some training/tasks techniques hunters use that I could use?"
581,DogAdvice,"My dog today fell from the stairs and broke her leg. Looking for advice from people who experienced the same, on walks, baths, etc. Took her to the vet as soon as it happened and now we're waiting to get the x-rays done to be able to do surgery",
582,DogAdvice,Fecal Incontinence Trouble,"My elderly Chihuahua-Dachshund mix (15-16 years old) has struggled with fecal incontinence for about four months now, and we’ve tried about everything. A basket for him to sleep in? He crawls out. Diapers? He crawls out. Different types of foods, stool helping (?) foods? Nothing!! We’re getting really, really tired of how much crap we clean up on a day-to-day basis.

We’re now thinking about putting him on a medicine that’s supposed to help with the anal muscles called Loperamide. This was one of two last options, the other being surgery and since he’s so old I’m a bit scared of doing that. He’s completely healthy otherwise, and is very happy, but we don’t know what to do.

Before we do this, is there ANYTHING else we might be able to do? We love this dog but it’s getting really tough to deal with this problem."
583,DogAdvice,"On family vacation, dog is in pain or overwhelmed?","We are on family vacation in NYC for these few days-we are from DC so I didn’t anticipate too much of being overwhelmed as much or surprised by the city environment for my dog. She snarled and snapped at me more than once this morning-in the hotel room and when we were out at the parade. She’s a service dog who is 3.5 and normally beyond well behaved so of course I freaked out and cried when she did it. It seems like maybe she’s in pain because she was only doing it to me but my sister started to pet her on her head and she did a little growl (same thing that preceded her snarling earlier). And then after, she was super cuddly-not like put off by my presence. I’ve contacted her vet and made an appt for Monday, but how do I treat this or help her? I’ve been overwhelmed about it just because I don’t feel equipped to help her here, away from home."
584,DogAdvice,She does this little twitch after taking her sedatives. Are they are tiny hiccups? They go away after 15 mins or so.,
585,DogAdvice,Dog stye eye?,Just found this on my little pup’s eye - anyone know if this is a stye?
586,DogAdvice,Say Hello to my Babies!! Both males. 🐾,
587,DogAdvice,Breed recommendations for someone with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome?,"Hi everyone, 

I have been considering getting a dog for a long time and ultimately decided to move forward with it because I think it will be beneficial for my health. 

I have CFS, which impacts my health greatly. I’m often drained on energy and it’s often difficult to get out of bed. I do have some good days where I’m able to get outside for a light walk. 

With that being said, I am looking for a breed that does well with my condition. One that will relax with me when not feeling well, but happy to go out on a walk when I can. Additionally, I want a breed that is known not to bark a lot and also doesn’t shed. Size range around 20-40lbs.

A dog that greatly interests me is a welsh terrier. Although I’m not sure if they are too active? I’ve always loved Airedale terriers and this is just a smaller version of them. 

If anyone has any recommendations I would be so thankful!"
588,DogAdvice,Can anyone help identify what is happening with my dog??,He's been really restless and bobbing his head like that. Could it me tremors/neurological or maybe anxiety attack. He is an anxious dog. Or could he have ingested something.  Yes I am going to the vets I'm trying to find a 24 hour one in Melbourne. Any help would be appreciated also. Thankyou.
589,DogAdvice,This kind of discharge has been leaking from the tail area (I tried to look for any abnormalities but she got agitated) of my parents 15 year old female dog. It started earlier tody. Anyone had a similar experience?,
590,DogAdvice,My dog and food,"My dog, the past two days, wouldn't eat. My parents put wet food and dry food, with some sausage and egg to intice her. We even put her food in one of the same bowls we eat out of because we had a problem before where she wouldn't eat.
This morning I heated up some chorizo to get the oil out of it and tore it up, got some sausage and tore it up and then put in her usual dry and wet food and mixed it all together, she's just eaten almost all of it.
But she has always had a tendancy to get bits of food put of her bowl and take it like 3 feet away and drop it- after that sometimes she eats it and sometimes she just leaves it there and it never gets eaten. At first I though she was getting the big bits out if she could and eating them, but she doesn't seem to be doing that half the time.
What's wrong with my dog 😭"
591,DogAdvice,Gave an STD to my dog?,Hello. So the thing is that while I was doing my laundry my dog picked up a thong and she bit and licked the underwear that I had used the afternoon before (this happened in the morning) and I have been worried ever since that now my dog could have contracted an STD from me because my thong had discharge. I dont know for sure that I have an STD but what If I have one? I know that this is probably the most stupid question but I have only had my dog for 2 months so I pretty much know nothing. Thank you so much.
592,DogAdvice,How long did it take your dog when it was a puppy to learn that you’re not coming to them when they cry in their crate all night? How many weeks/months did it take before they started just going to sleep instead of barking for a few hours?,"She’s on month 5 so still young but just wondering how long it took some of you. 
We tire her out and practice crate comfort training and her bathroom schedule has her go fully just before bed but she still barks non stop for like 2 hours after I leave the room. A few times that has extended to 3-4 hours. I can’t go in the room while she’s doing it or she’ll learn that it summons me but she also doesn’t stop for long enough for me to go in during a quiet moment to show her that silence gets my attention. The pause between barks is only as long as it takes her to gather another breath for her next volley of barks. Like 1 second max.
I feel like a prisoner in my home because I have to tiptoe around, can’t even flush a toilet or grab water in the night. I can’t go on that floor of my home at all or i’ll trigger another hour or two of barking. I don’t work due to an injury so all my time while she finally sleeps is at home too scared to turn over in bed in case  the bed creaks and she hears it."
593,DogAdvice,Are these just scratches on my dog’s eyelid and chin? Should I take him to the vet?,
594,DogAdvice,5 year old dog behaviour advice,"I’ll keep it short. We’ve had our dog since he was 6 months old and he always had a timid anxious personality. However I’ve noticed when I’m home (female owner) he’s super clingy and anxious with me like can’t be away from me, always staring at or laying on me, can’t relax and avoids my husband even though my husband has always been good to him. When my husband is alone with him my dog just sleeps and chills. Then when we have him at other people’s homes (that he knows well) he’s completely relaxed and plays and if they babysit him he’s totally fine it’s the same thing he is completely relaxed and a normal dog. So why does being around me make him super anxious and clingy, I don’t understand. 

TIA"
595,DogAdvice,Our 1.5 year old mini Aussie-doodle has been licking at her paw. We’ve been keeping the cone on her for 4 days now and washing the paw. Anything else we can do or insight into what could be the cause?,
596,DogAdvice,What to do..,"Hey! I’ve been considering getting a puppy in the future, and I’m not sure what to do. I have school full time and my dad has work full time. How do we have a puppy without having a dog walker, doggy daycare, or someone to check in on the puppy?

Any advice besides “just don’t get a puppy”?"
597,DogAdvice,"small, senior adoptee yawning","Hi all.

Not too long ago I adopted a senior.  A tiny chi-minpin-whoknoes mix.  15 and blind, not very human-focused when I got her.  Over the last couple months she's changed a lot, for the better.  She's relaxed, affectionate and even playful.

Before her the smallest dog I'd ever owned was 80 lbs +.  Most of her behaviors I think I'm doing fine reading, except for her yawning. 

She will find me and sit at my feet, and sometimes paw at my leg to be picked up.  Often when I do pick her up, she will yawn multiple times when I start petting her.  When I set her down again, she'll do the ""shake off"" stress thing.

 I'm used to multiple or out-of-context yawns being a sign of stress.  She's older and has had a rough time of it (multiple homes etc etc). Just want to make sure it's not her being stressed or uncomfortable."
598,DogAdvice,"Sensitive dark spot by her lady bits; what is it? Not a tick, I checked, but she growls if it gets touched or anyone goes near it. grandma doesn’t wanna take her to the vet thinks it’s nothing",
599,DogAdvice,"Please help - just left vet but so scared, my dog can barely move","
I desperately need help. 
I have a 3 year old Aussie who has been having difficulty standing up from laying down for a few months. If I’m being honest I thought he maybe ran or played too hard and that it would pass. He was his normal self besides the struggle to get up, he was still eating and would play with me. Before all of this, I would come home he would be SO excited and jump up on me. Well now, I noticed he stopped jumping up on my bed, stopped jumping on me and barely shows excitement, and is still having major difficulty getting off the ground. Cut to now, he can barely get up, he sits slowly and oddly, he’s very slow when walking, and has no interest in fetch or playing. He seems absolutely exhausted and down, and never wants to get up. Nothing gets him excited and I can tell he is struggling so badly with something or in a lot of pain. I’ve been thinking it was maybe arthritis or something similar. However he’s been to the vet (for allergies) during the time this has been happening and all of his tests and exams were normal. 

My pup has been with my mom who he stays with a lot and adores, and I just got home to see the obvious worsening of whatever is going on. Nothing has changed with his diet or routine except eating less. I immediately notice tonight that he is NOT well and rush him to the ER. You would think he was a very very old dog the way he moves and he was sitting very oddly with both legs pushed to the side. He could also barely get in my car which he never had issues jumping into. 

I explain this in way more detail to the vet. I tell her he is not hisself whatsoever and that I’ve never seen him like this. She checked him out from head to toe and my dog didn’t express any pain in her checks of his body. I told her that he cried today when I was trying to examine his paws and she said he didn’t do that. Basically she said we can do a full body X-ray that would be absurdly expensive, or I go to an orthopedic specialist. I absolutely do not have 1500 to spare for X-rays, especially if that doesn’t show us what we’re looking for. I’m sobbing because seeing him like this is breaking my heart and I may have to find a way to do the X-rays asap because it’s eating me up inside. 

If this sounds remotely relatable to anyone, would you go the X-ray route first? Or maybe other testing? I do not know what to do or where to start especially knowing how expensive all of this will be. I really need some help or peace of mind. 💔"
600,DogAdvice,Dog acting weird and peeing inside?,"Okay so my German shepherd 1y/o was neutered two weeks ago and is still all cone'd up. He's on cone duty another week because he opened the wound a tiny bit the other day (Vet said it was fine, barely opened at all just enough to bleed a teeny bit, gave us antibiotics just in case). Now, we haven't gotten to play very much because he's only interested in playtime that involves running around and getting chased. He comes outside with me whenever I smoke (every hour or so) and we're out there 10, 15 minutes maybe, and he usually does his business then if he needs to. I've seen him hold it nearly an entire day (when we first got him a couple months ago, he was shy in the new home) too so I know he can.

Tonight I found a big ol' dump in the hallway. Like, so big you'd think a human left it there after hitting a buffet. After cleaning, he and I play fetch inside for a bit, since he's mostly healed. I discover a pee puddle that he must've left as a surprise for me earlier. I clean it up and close him out of the room while I do so. When I come out into the hallway guess who's standing over a nice fresh huge NEW puddle of pee? I can understand puddle #2 since he was all excited and I cut him off from playtime abruptly so he might not have been able to control myself, but with the pattern he established over the last few hours it has me concerned.

I also have a couple fish tanks sitting outside full of water to test they won't break. It's cold out, and they're covered in condensation. When I took him out with me like 20 minutes ago, he started nudging and rubbing his nose up against the side of one of the tanks and sort of stumbling side to side. I don't know what he was doing, he wasn't licking it. He might've been trying to check out a bug he saw or something, which would explain a lot because he might've just been stumbling trying to get closer to the bug with the cone in the way, but at the same time what if it's not that, you know? He's being good right now and sleeping in his favorite chair. 

Anyone have any ideas on why? Maybe he's just sick of the lack of stimulation since the neuter and he's acting out with the peeing/pooping inside? And the tank thing was just a bug he saw? Or could this be something more serious? We super duper can't afford to take him to the vet unless we're sure something's wrong, and he is acting normal now."
601,DogAdvice,Is this ok?,She's been reverse sneezing Ike this more frequently over the past few months.
602,DogAdvice,Is this ok?,She's been reverse sneezing Ike this more frequently over the past few months.
603,DogAdvice,Did my dog break her toe?,"We went on a rocky hike recently and then the next walk we went on she limped on that foot for only about 3 steps then has been walking, running, jumping letting me touch her leg and paw and overall seems completely unbothered. But today I noticed the small red bump and that the toe doesn’t seem to sit straight like the rest. Is it worth a trip to the vet is she seems to be acting like she is in 0 pain? Is it like when humans break a toe and there’s nothing you can do besides just slowly let it heal on its own? Or is it perhaps dislocated and needs to be reset? 
Thanks in advance!"
604,DogAdvice,Advice,"My dog that I have has never been aggressive to any dogs or anyone about his food, today we brought home a new puppy and she went towards his food and he wasn’t happy 
Is there a way to help show him it’s ok , tips, tricks on what to do?
Thank you!"
605,DogAdvice,"Urgent, need info asap","Can anybody identify what this could possibly be? When I first adopted my dog about 3-4 months ago (Staffordshire Terrier) we noticed that she had this little branch off on her paw pad and thought nothing of it because it looked like just a minor paw abnormality at first. We noticed today after being out and playing that it has started to look like this and we aren’t sure if it’s a tumor or whatever it could be. Any information would be very helpful, thank you guys for your time."
606,DogAdvice,Behavior problems with corgi,"Hello all, I've been having serious behavioral problems with my 7M pembroke welsh corgi and he has been targeting my 13M Cairn terrier. We have had both dogs since they were 2-3 months old and though my corgi has always been ""grumpy"" he has never been aggressive with the cairn terrier. My cairn terrier is a very calm old man that is incontinent but never bothered any of our other dogs, aside from occasional food aggression (only with treats.) I'm not sure what to do because he (corgi) has ripped out some of his fur. I want to take him to the vet to see if there's anything I can do but I really want to avoid euthanizing him and he was a birthday present from when I turned 15 years old. Any advice I can do about this?"
607,DogAdvice,"From a video of my dog yawning, how old would you guess he is? We’ve gotten several different opinions over the years after we adopted him. I assume teeth are the best indication of age.",
608,DogAdvice,Pink eye?,"We have a vet appointment Monday, that’s all we could get. We’re going to get some sterile eye wash that the vet recommended. Any other remedies? It doesn’t seem to be bothering him but I feel bad for my poor boy. 11 month old Schnorgi."
609,DogAdvice,Will these dogs get along?,"Sorry, this might be kind of long.  I have 2 dogs, theyre big (about 90lbs) and they've gotten along really well. I've had my male dog for about 9 years and got him at 2 months old. He's very sweet and listens. I got my female dog about 2 years ago as a rescue. We're not sure how old she is but we're guessing about 5 years old.               Since we've had her shes gotten in 2 pretty minor fights with female dogs, one was YESTERDAY, but gets along great with my male dog. 

Anyways, I'm moving in with a friend who has a male dog (same breed as mine) whos about 70lbs. I'm supposed to be taking both of my dogs into move with her and I'm scared they wont get along and something will happen.

Any advice? My best bet was to only have them around each other when we can keep an eye on them for a couple months, so I could drop my dogs off at my Mom's when I have to work.  But since this other fight just happened I dont know what to think."
610,DogAdvice,Advice on prepping apt/ doggo for a smooth post surgery recovery,"oy where to start. Just want to avoid complications or stiches ripping etc etc etc. Not exactly sure how large this will be at the moment either. So I'm just prepping now best I can. 

Ive seen surgical ""suits"" aka doggy onsies, old t shirts but  it says in comments for spay/ neuter surgeries. what about torso/ back-What would protect their insicion/ stich site ? And she hates her leash connected to a collar, and uses a harness- so alternative so that doesnt rub or harm her. 

ALSO-   what things would you get your doggy to enjoy her holiday with this surgery 5 days before xmas AND two toothie extractions.... I just feel so bad and sad for her."
611,DogAdvice,is this normal?,"my female border collie (1.5 years old) always moves in her sleep and i believe that is normal because humans do it too when we sleep. but tonight she is sleeping with her eyes open and moving like this, is this normal?"
612,DogAdvice,"I have a 2 y.o. lab mix. He enjoys all things outdoors, swimming, hiking, etc. He’s brushed, paws wiped, ears cleaned, nails trimmed, and teeth brushed very regularly. However he only gets a bath 2-3 times a year. How often should he be getting a bath?",
613,DogAdvice,I took a picture of my Koko and her pupil looks weird. She has a bit of a cherry eye but I’ve never seen her pupil look like this. Is something wrong?,
614,DogAdvice,Noticed this lil white bump on my dog Zia—infected hair follicle?,
615,DogAdvice,What’s your cure for diarrhea,"My pup is 65 lbs and eats well, however he’s had diarrhea for about 3 days now, I’m not sure what it is but there no other signs of him being uncomfortable, he still eats, no vomiting , playing normally etc. I really can’t afford ANOTHER vet trip right now. We just got  him in august and he’s already been to the emergency animal hospital 4 times already costing us over 3k already. We’ll go if we have to but I want to try home remedies first"
616,DogAdvice,List of core puppy shots?,"Hi, everyone,

I’m getting a puppy next week; she will be 8 weeks old. I’m planning to take her for her first shots two days later. It’s a mobile vet clinic in a feed store, as that’s the place she can get her vaccinations the soonest (this is a fairly rural area).

I’ve never done this before. Is it possible to over-vaccinate? I am nervous about being talked into getting more stuff than she needs at 8 weeks of age. (Plus I’m confused about 5-way shots plus/versus the standalone shots). 

I’ve Googled and searched and looked at printables, but I just need a simple list of the basic (but crucial) vaccines she needs. Can someone guide me? I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide. Thanks!"
617,DogAdvice,Possible ACL tear?,"Hey just looking for some advice, my 9yr old GSD has been limping on his rear leg since last night. He’s able to put some pressure on it but he holds it up a lot, walks with a limp in his step. I’ve tried to inspect it, theres no swelling around his knee he also doesn’t yelp/wince when I was just gently feeling his leg. I don’t know what else it could be. I’ve called a bunch of vets around me, but a bunch of them won’t take new clients or booked out for a week or more."
618,DogAdvice,"hi, my dog Gizmo woke me up at 2:30 last night looking like this (1 &amp; 2.) he looks better now, and is acting normal. does anyone know what it might be/has something similar happened to your dog?",
619,DogAdvice,Help! My sister’s toy poodle just tried to eat the neighbor’s dog.,"The good boy is a bull dog mix and didn’t even realize he was being attacked.  They were both on a leash but I was holding the toy poodle in my arms.  When I put him on the ground he got aggressive and was biting the other dog in the neck!  Due to his tiny size (4lbs), I just picked him back up.  Apologized for my ignorance. The neighbor just laughed.  There was zero damage to the bulldog.  He just seemed confused.  And he was a sweet slow puppy.  I’m so ashamed that I was handling the tiny dog so poorly.  What was the tiny idiot thinking?? Help me Cesar Milan!"
620,DogAdvice,Pet Insurance?,"I just rescued a 5 year old pit terrier. I want to establish a good relationship with a local vet and get pet insurance since something bigger in terms of care for him would be tough for me. 

Any good recommendations for the pet insurance? And good questions to call around and ask vets to see how quality they are?
Any help would be greatly appreciated thank you"
621,DogAdvice,Good idea!!! my dog loves this BAOBRO snuffle mat!! occupy her for a while and bring fun🥰🥳🥳🥳 #dogs #dogslowfeeder #snufflematfordogs,
622,DogAdvice,Do you guys know what breed Leo is??,
623,DogAdvice,Dog strange lick behaviour,"I have adopted her 3 weeks ago and she has this habit of licking or sucking on her tongue (sorry, I don't know how to better explain the behaviour or sound). 
She's a stray, mix of long-wire-haired daschund from what I manage to identify. 

She does this a lot of the time. During the day when she's on the sofa, or her bed. During the evening and the night. 
She seems healthy and without any issues on her teeth, gums, tongue, lips or mouth. 

Her foster parents from whom I took her told me that she was doing that when she was with them as well (they had her for almost 1 year)

Does anyone have any idea what this might be? 

She is not in pain or anything from what I see and I don't mind it at all. I got used to it and I'm even amused by this sometimes xD

Thank you! 

PS: she was not licking herself in the video; the clip is muted due to the background noise"
624,DogAdvice,What time should I be taking my dogs out?,"I have 3 female dogs (now 1 and a half-ish years old). We go on walks at 8-8:30AM, then at 4:30-5PM, then at 10-10:30PM. They don't pee at home or anything, but I'm worried they are holding their business in for too long, granted when we do go out they usually don't rush to go do their business or anything.

Is this schedule fine?"
625,DogAdvice,"does anyone know what breeds she could be? she’s almost 3 months, i have more photos of her on my account. her mom was about knee height and dad is unknown :D",
626,DogAdvice,Dog keeps licking this red bump in between his paws,"Update: took to the vet and they prescribed antibiotics, anti inflammatory, and anti itch. Hoping the bump and rash goes away within 2 weeks. If not, going back to get a check up"
627,DogAdvice,My Dog Spazed Out After Petting Her,"Idk what happened but here’s my dog peanut on her back asking for belly rubs and all of a sudden after I’m finished rubbing her tummy, she gets up twirls around almost chasing her tail, growls and whines while shoving her face near me. It was kind of a scary because she never does anything like that? She was just laying there then out of no where it was almost like she freaked out and was whining to me. Idk does anybody have a Clue abt this?"
628,DogAdvice,My dog got spayed and she is losing weight is that normal. She’s 1 year old I would say she has lost about 5 pounds.,She went in on November 14 and the first two days she didn’t want to eat but now she eats normal drinks water and plays. I limited her play due to the other dogs and she gets very crazy while playing but I have noticed she is looking skinny and he back spinal cord shows but not her ribs.
629,DogAdvice,Dog tail injury,"I think my dog chewed on his tail during the night,seems really itchy,I think because of allergies.I put a cone on him but the spot has seemed to get worse and I think it might be infected.is this something I can treat at home or do I need to take him to the vet?"
630,DogAdvice,Dog tooth discoloration? Noticed about a week ago and hasn’t gone away. Does this warrant a visit to the vet? No inflammation and the tooth isn’t loose either.,
631,DogAdvice,Thanksgiving Plans,"So I am wondering what to do on Thanksgiving.  I can either bring my six month old potty trained puppy, which is a real pain, or leave her at home in a gated room. I will probably be gone for 5-7 hours. She sleeps through the night for at least 7 hours. What do you think?"
632,DogAdvice,Does anyone have an idea what kind of bump this is? My puppy is 9 months old if that helps. Vet has no appointments until next week,
633,DogAdvice,What are the best tips to avoid your dog barking from the balcony.,"He has access to the full house, but when he sees another dogs walking from the balcony starts barking at him. (Not at all dogs, I still don’t understand his logic to bark or not)"
634,DogAdvice,Can I give this food for my pet as a treat? Idk much about nutrition value.. (it’s Roasted Seaweed: Nori),
635,DogAdvice,Dog excited play or aggression?,
636,DogAdvice,Seizure?,"Hi. Posting again as video didn’t upload first time. We are fostering a senior and today she did this. It lasted for around 5 minutes.  She’s also been having random episodes of heavy panting (not related to exercise, or heat).   

I called vet and sent him the video and he just said to monitor it, and if it happens again bring her in. 

Has anyone else experienced anything like this? We have fostered many dogs and have not seen this before."
637,DogAdvice,Frenchie bullies,I have  6 French bulldog babies now  2mths old  I don't  have  enough  money  to continue  taking  care  off  please  who can  help  me adopt  them please am in Atlanta Georgie
638,DogAdvice,Symptoms worsen after vet visit. Where to go from here?,"We went to the vet a few months ago for a suspected uti. She was drinking a bit more than usual and peeing more often on walks. It wasn’t anything too dramatic but just a small notice. There was 1 day she kept asking to go out which prompted the vet visit. 

Urinalysis found suspected bacteria &amp; we were given antibiotics. She toke them for 4 days until the urine culture came back negative in which I stopped. The vet said it was probably not a uti then. During this visit we also did a blood test and x rays but everything was normal except high bilirubin. 

We went back to do another blood test a week or two ago and it’s a different doctor this time (but the same clinic) who is going over the last visit. He mentions something the other vet didn’t which is my dogs urine has a pH of 9 which could indicate a uti. I opted not to do another urinalysis or urine culture because of what the other vet said and just process with blood work. It came back normal. Bilirubin levels were within range. 

These past few days, the drinking water has increased where it’s so noticeable. Few months ago even though I noticed a bit of an increase in intake of water, her pee was still yellow as usual. She generally doesn’t drink that much water anyways. Now it’s like light yellow to clear. And she’s peeing way more often on walks. She’s also gained a few pounds which the 2nd vet noticed. That may or may not be related to the uti symptoms but still something I wanted to mention. 

Idk what to do/ go from here because it seems the vet can’t really figure out what’s going on and blood tests look normal."
639,DogAdvice,Is this a skin tag on my dog? Or do I need to worry?,
640,DogAdvice,How do I know if my new puppy (8 weeks) is being aggressive or just playing with my older dog (1year),
641,DogAdvice,Will my dog be ok?,"Will my dog me ok?

Hello, so yesterday my dog was at a vet visit she was on antibiotics because she ate bad food on Sunday. Now it’s Tuesday and today she ate 2 chicken burritos they were wrapped idk how she got to them but she did. She found a way to eat them, she looks very bloated. Now I can’t afford to take her to the vet again, but can the antibiotics she’s on now work?"
642,DogAdvice,Seizure?,"Hi all. We are fostering a senior dog. This afternoon she had an episode where she was shaking her head rapidl.  It lasted for around 5 minutes.  I think she bit her tongue during it, there was a bit of blood. She was conscious and walking around the whole time. 

I did call the vet and he said to monitor her, and if it happens again they would refer to a neurologist and possibly put on meds, but I’m worried. 

Has anyone experienced this?  We have fostered many many dogs and I have not seen this."
643,DogAdvice,Introducing Cat &amp; Dog,"Next year my boyfriend and I are moving in together. I have a cat (F, Pearl) and he has a dog (M, Cudi). We are thinking about renting a townhome for a while.

Any advice for making this work? Pearl has only been around one puppy and it wasn’t a long interaction. She’s a sweet girl and gets along with other cats, but I have no idea how she’ll be with Cudi. 
Cudi is a husky and can be very territorial (as they usually are). He’s a sweet boy and also gets along with other dogs, but has not been around cats.

Any help is appreciated! Both are indoor pets."
644,DogAdvice,dog won't eat his own food,"I have a 6yo shih tzu/jack russel/Chihuahua mix who will not eat any dog food that is fed to him. I have tried multiple brands, different sizes of kibble, different meats, mixing with wet food, wet alone, etc. He will not eat it. He has absolutely no problem begging for our food or eating the cat food at any opportunity like when we sleep or leave the room. Occasionally he is bold and tries to eat the cat food in front of us. We also dog sit and he is always trying to eat their food. The funny part of that is he will eat their food but it will be the same brand(s) I've tried to feed him either past or presently.

I am pretty sure it is behavioral but I can't figure out why. He is given lots of love, affection, and is a generally well taken care of. I mentioned it to our vet before but they shrugged us off. 

Any ideas?"
645,DogAdvice,unexpected behavior from new dog?,"I have been with my 3 year-old terrier mix buddy for just over 2 weeks now. He’s a rescue dog and it’s been a great experience so far! No in-home potty accidents, no bites, hardly any barking, etc. He’s been very social/friendly with a couple friends (men and women) and my partner. 

But yesterday he acted mysteriously with a friend of mine. He would lightly growl at him, but then would immediately give him kisses after. Then, he would retreat and growl all over again. On this morning’s walk, he growled at the sight of a guy walking nearby. 
This evening, he was friendly with strangers on the walk…no growls or anything.


I’m only confused &amp; concerned because he’s been lovely with me and the few other friends he’s met over the past two weeks. Is this something to be concerned about? Was it just a mood? I’m aware that dogs tend to show their “true colors” after adjustment, but what what would you chalk this all up to?"
646,DogAdvice,atropine sulfate ophthalmic solution,"Does anyone have experience with this eye drop medication? My vet prescribed it for my dogs eye injury in addition to an antibiotic drop. Curious if folks found it helpful. It seems to make my dog keep his eye shut after it’s administered, and I guess I find this surprising. Thanks"
647,DogAdvice,Crate Advice:,"I haven't had a dog in over 16 years but I do try to keep up with what's what.

The only issue I am having is, the dog I am going to foster (my brothers) is a little growly when being out into his crate (or so I am told)

Can I safely leave anything in the crate for him to make it a more positive experience? Or is it like training and sporadically give him treats?

I think part of the problem is this dog doesn't get walked much, so I'm going to be walking him at least twice a day, for at least an hour so hopefully that'll make things a little more easy.

I'm going to get him a nice bed to go there too because it's this safe place.

Info: dog is about 8 years old. Some sort of mutt (will be doing an embark because I am curious) We THINK a chi - terrier mix. He weighs maybe all of 10 pounds."
648,DogAdvice,Nervous/skittish dog help?,"I got my dog in late 2019, wanted to make sure she had all of her important vaccines before I started major socialization (I had plans of her going EVERYWHERE with me) and then Covid happened and I already worked from home. Now I have a 3 year old skittish pandemic puppy.

I've been taking her a lot more places for the past six months or so and she's doing a bit better and is less panicky. Occasionally, she's even excited to see some of my friends and immediately letting them pet her, but if I take her to my boyfriend's place (she's been around him about a dozen times) for a couple of days, she's still nervous the entire time, wants to put off eating, will only sleep if she's on the bed at my feet, etc. She's not panicked, but definitely uncomfy. (I should add that she was excited to see him this past time for the first evening we were there, by day two, she was nervous about him and his place again.)

I've came to terms with her never being the kind of dog that is fine with strangers petting her and most people accept it when I tell them she's skittish and won't let them touch her, but I do wish I could take her on outings without needing to focus so much attention on everyone and everything that's happening at once, because while I don't think she'll bite, I also don't want to set her up for failure either.

Am I doing mostly what I can here and just have to wait/hope for her to come around to new experiences a bit more? Or is there something else I can add in that will help?

A few other notes:  
She's a Husky/GSD mix.  
She isn't at all food or toy driven, so I'm a bit more lost on how to reward good behavior."
649,DogAdvice,How can I help my parents mend the relationship between their willful dog and their curious grandson?,"My parents are both in their upper 60s and have a Soft-Coated Wheaton terrier (about 60 lbs) who is extremely willful. They have a shock collar on him, but he typically isn't deterred from bad behaviors due to inconsistent conditioning and probably sheer carelessness to just do what he wants. My 4.5 year old nephew is growing a bit scared of him, as the dog constantly barks and lurches toward him when my parents are babysitting. My nephew isn't scared when he's sitting with my parents in a chair, even if the dog is sniffing and licking his feet. The dog will constantly follow around my parents if they are carrying my nephew, sometimes jumping up to smell or lick my nephew. My nephew is at the age where he wants to run around our house with toys creating a ton of ruckus. This agitates/excites the dog. My parents have gates around the house which successfully sequester the dog and nephew. However, this usually leads to the dog watching right at the gate door (or running in between gate doors if my nephew is running around), incessantly barking until my nephew fully leaves the house.

&amp;#x200B;

I feel bad because the constant barking is stressful, but I don't know how to help my parents. While they definitely could be diligent with training my dog, a few trainers have called him ""the most willful dog they've ever seen"". I'm hoping to crowdsource some ideas on how my parents could find some peace in their home, but I also don't want my nephew to ""permanently"" have a scared dynamic with our dog. My parents would not rehome the dog. Also my sibling has a less intimidating/aggressive (but probably just as loud, more anxious) dog at home that gets along well with my nephew, so I do think there's potential for my nephew to like the dog."
650,DogAdvice,my senior foster pup might have cushings disease (i think he 100% does..),"i guess this is just a discussion, but im open to advice and if anyone knows anything about it from experience or knowledge. 
(Picture: Snoopy is the big boy, Annie is the little lady!) 

my family and i are fostering (soon to adopt) a senior beagle, he’s 11, and his name is allegedly  “Snoopy.” unfortunately we have little to no information on him, all we know is that his previous owner passed away and the family of the owner wanted to euthanize him. however, in their care, they neutered him at 10 years old. that is all we know about him. from our experience, he is VERY affectionate, he is overweight, he has severe separation anxiety, and he does not respond to his name/commands/sounds. 

we took him to VetCo (petco’s vet, we do not recommend) because we weren’t able to get him into our personal vet yet. anyways, after weeks with that vet, we finally switched and got him into our personal vet. our vet was concerned about Cushing’s disease, and the previous vet had mentioned it too.. because he checks off all the boxes on the symptoms. on top of that, he has chronic ear infections, hearing loss, a heart murmur, and a distant heartbeat (vet said that it’s hard to hear it? it sounds far away… possibly due to him panting  or obesity). we will also have to do a chest X-ray to ensure his lungs and heart are alright. 

i love this dog, he is the sweetest. we put down about $600 or more in vet bills so far, and we plan to put down more to get him tested for Cushing’s disease and X-ray. once they test him, we can get the medication to help give him a quality of life. we are also giving him CBD oil 1-2x daily to help him calm down because his anxiety. 

it just saddens me, knowing that we are going to adopt a dog who’s already a senior, and who’s life could be cut short due to a variety of different reasons. i am also sad because we have another senior beagle, Annie, who is 14 years old too. i know that beagles life expectancy is usually 12-15 years… and my heart breaks just to think about this all."
651,DogAdvice,Plz help my older dog is terrified of my new puppy,"My dog (2 years old) is scared of my new puppy (10 weeks old)
My family just got a new puppy and our older dog is scared of him. Every time the new dog comes to play with the older dog the older dog runs away in fear, every time my older dog has a toy and the puppy comes running at him the older dog drops the toy and runs.

The older dog seems to be depressed and is not eating his food like he used to and is now totally rejecting treats. We separate the dogs a lot so they can have alone time from each other and we always make the time to show the older dog love so he doesn’t feel left out or replaced

How do I get my older dog to toughen up and will my older dog be depressed forever?"
652,DogAdvice,Does anyone know what this is? I woke up &amp; my dog was bleeding everywhere. I thought her nail fell off but once I got her paw cleaned I noticed it was coming from this weird pink thing. She won’t let me touch it because it’s hurting her &amp; she’s limping.,
653,DogAdvice,"Gosh, this might not be the right place.",What do you do about others feeding your dog? Recently I let my six month old puppy go to my moms for the day while I was at work and I asked her to send a picture of him and she sent me a picture of his head in a yoghurt cup... I got pretty upset because we are training him to not care for human food or bug us what we’re eating. How to do you talk to someone who doesn’t care for the training you’re doing with your dog.
654,DogAdvice,Dog brushing routine advice.,"I brush my dogs’ teeth daily with enzyme toothpaste about an hour after the evening meal, but I’m wondering if there’s specific times of day that are best to brush their teeth?

Last thing before bed, or after a meal, or at the start of the day, or does it probably not matter?

And since I give medications right after tooth brushing, I tend to use the peanut butter meds as a treat for letting me brush. But just now I saw my girl’s teeth had peanut butter on and it made me think, am I negating the effects of tooth brushing by instantly covering the teeth in peanut butter?? XD

I can’t find specific guidelines on best times to brush, just lots of advice about how to get your dogs to accept it, which I don’t need! Any advice or thoughts welcome."
655,DogAdvice,Lung mass in Pomeranian puppy,"My mum has a 10 month old Pomeranian. She’s had a hacking type cough for a few months (usually when she gets excited). We took her to a vet who gave some medication which showed some improvement until it ran out. We took her to another vet who did a full physical and suspected a collapsed trachea but wanted to do some X-rays first. Apparently there’s a mass on her lung which she says is not cancerous (not sure what indicates that on an X-ray) but she doesn’t know what it could be so she’s going to start her on medication and see how that goes before investigating any further.

Other than the coughing she is perfectly healthy, happy and has not acted abnormal at all. She’s very cheery and super friendly, and the vet said her physical exam was perfect.

If the vet has ruled out cancer, is there anything else it could that’s life threatening? My mum is absolutely distraught and whilst I know this isn’t medical advice I’m just wondering if anyone has experienced anything similar and could shed some light?"
656,DogAdvice,Ongoing Digestive Issues,"My English Springer Spaniel Roxy (8 years old, female) has been having ongoing digestive issues for about 2 months now. We've been back and forth to the vet many times. This all started around September 25th.

It started out as painful gas. She would cry and pace for an hour to 2 hours. Eventually I'd get her to settle, put the heating pad on her belly and she would pass some really smelly farts and then just go to sleep. It was progressively becoming more frequent so we knew she needed to get into the vet. We called the vet and the first appointment was 2 weeks out. But they prescribed us a probiotic and recommended trying Beano over the counter with dinner and told us to try a bland diet of Chicken and Rice in the meantime.

Then we finally went to her appointment and got her bloodwork and a stool sample analyzed. Stool sample was normal, bloodwork only showed her Phosphate level was a little low, not really conclusive of anything. Vet prescribed a prescription diet Purina Gastro EN and said we could also use Gas X whenever she had an episode. We were slowly transitioning to the new diet and things were looking better. We only had about 3 gas episodes during the transition rather than every single night and whenever an episode was coming on we would give her Gas X and it would resolve in a half hour. So we learned how to treat it, but not what's causing it.

We scheduled an abdominal ultrasound. We lost our last dog really suddenly and wanted to be sure this wasn't something serious. Meanwhile the day before the ultrasound we had almost finished transitioning to the new diet, but suddenly she has diarrhea. So we go back to chicken and rice. She fluctuated between bouts of bad diarrhea and semi solid stool, we are now on day 4 of diarrhea. We have tried fasting for 12 hours. Then small frequent meals of chicken and rice. On day 3 we also added a spoonful of pumpkin. Probiotics in the morning, beano at night. Today we returned to the vet for repeat bloodwork and they gave us Flagyl for the diarrhea. Meanwhile my dad and I also had terrible diarrhea as well. So it's possible that it's a diarrhea bug that we all caught and is actually a separate issue from the gas..

It's a huge relief that her ultrasound was normal and didn't show a tumor or anything. But I'm also frustrated that we have no real answers for what's going on with Roxy. She's lost 7 pounds. I'm frustrated that everyone just keeps telling me to keep doing what I'm doing. I'm frustrated that I called the vet over and over and Roxy had to have diarrhea for four days before someone finally prescribed something. I'm hopeful that we can get her stable and that this is a bug and all she needed was a different diet. I love this dog so much.. I'm exhausted. I've spent so many nights up with her with either diarrhea or gas. Everytime I take her out I'm so anxious that she's gonna have more diarrhea."
657,DogAdvice,I need some help with my dog,"My dog has just turned 4 he has recently started doing his business in the house again for the first time since he was a puppy and he's also not listening to some commands that he's given, this has never been an issue until now I thing something might be wrong with him but I'm not sure I would really appreciate any help that I can get thank you"
658,DogAdvice,Spin-Cycle Overload,"We have recently adopted a second GSD from the shelter (\~2 months ago). At first, the dog (we named him Dog) was acclimating well, learning new tricks and easily house trained. Three weeks ago today, we noticed Dog start to spin while sniffing the ground (bi-directional) and let out a high pitch bark when he completed the turn (not tail chasing). This coincided with the installation of our sod grass that day as well as switching to a new food: Inukshuk. We have tried changing his food back to what he had before the switch to no avail (Orijen Original). A couple days before onset, he finished a month long regimen of Doxycycline for heartworms. Since then, and truly over the course of the first 1-2 days, the behavior has increased in frequency to nearly all day except when he is sleeping. If he goes outside, we cannot distract him from this behavior (balls/ physically trying to move him, etc), and he also pulls up clumps of grass during the spins with his mouth. We are afraid to let him outside because of the noise + destroying our new grass. Indoors, he also spins, yips, and licks the floor/drags his teeth on the flooring while spinning. Sometimes a ball will distract him indoors for a few minutes while he chews on it, but most often he will run to a ball or a toy and then spin cycle once he reaches the ball. He used to have a solid “come,” but he now ignores it while spin-cycling. His vocalizations have also increased to constant, be it whining anxiously or high-pitched yapping most hours of the day. For example, he used to be very calm/happy during a car ride, and you can see in the video I’ve attached anxious vocalizing.   


He is going to the vet next week for a blood panel + heartworm injection. We have called them a couple times about the spin-cycle, and their advice was to redirect, and we have been dedicated to doing so, but it’s nearly impossible at this point to really distract him from the spin-cycle at all, or at least distract him constantly all day. We fortunately both work from home, so we can rule out separation anxiety, and we have the capacity to work with him more than most would be able to. He does this in the crate as well, but instead of licking he digs at the pad.   


All of this is to say, we are desperate for any insights, hearing from those with similar experiences, or advice. 

Thankful for your replies!"
659,DogAdvice,My collie has been vomiting three days in a row.,The past few days my dog has thrown up her breakfast. This has happened three days in a row. She’s then back to life and acting normal. Today she threw up this morning and has been fine the rest of the day and has now thrown up this evening too. I’m not sure what this could be as it’s very unlike her? I’m going to call the vet in the morning. Does anyone have any advice on what this could be or what I should do.
660,DogAdvice,Which Dog Breed Is Right For You?,
661,DogAdvice,Dog often has upset stomach only in the morning.,"My dog has gurgling sounds in the morning and is often not hungry. Today he was also sitting down a lot and wouldn’t want to go on his walk. He is eating the freeze dried raw nuggets on his meal but won’t touch his kibble. He has a bunch of food allergies, poultry, dairy, beef, duck, turkey and lamb so I give him a venison based kibble and pork based freeze dried topper. Do you think he could be allergic to venison also since he is okay eating pork based freeze dried food and I haven’t seen him poop yet so don’t know about that but it happens frequently that his stomach makes weird noises in the morning and he is often not hungry. We’ve done all tests and haven’t found anything, will get a referral for internal medicine specialist moving forward but any tips"
662,DogAdvice,can I take my dog to hospital,my boy accidentally broke he's nail while chasing cat what should I do? pls help :(
663,DogAdvice,Is this “whale eye”? 😞 was one of my favorite pictures of me and my dog and I’m just now noticing this.,
664,DogAdvice,What is this bald patch on my 1 year old dog?,
665,DogAdvice,My dog has HGE,"Hey everyone, 

My small dog has HGE. I found out earlier yesterday when he came back from being outside and big drops of blood trailed behind him on the sheet of my bed, I went outside to look at his stool to see if something he ate cut him a little, but his stool looked like jam and was bloody diarrhea. 
I was able to take him to the vet for an emergency appointment and his was diagnosed with HGE which can be/if fatal. He is in a fair amount of pain which is breaking my heart. 
I don’t have the money to take him into the vet again for his treatment of an overnight stay to push IV’s into his body, antibiotics. Which will cost a total of $500. I usually would be able to pay for this but ran into some personal family emergencies that wiped me out. 
I am asking if anyone has any ideas and tips on keeping him comfortable and as healthy as I can until I get paid on the 1st. 

Thank you for any advice given to me. I just want to make him feel as comfortable as possible until the 1st"
666,DogAdvice,My dog (2 years old) is scared of my new puppy (10 weeks old),"My family just got a new puppy and our older dog is scared of him. Every time the new dog comes to play with the older dog the older dog runs away in fear, every time my older dog has a toy and the puppy comes running at him the older dog drops the toy and runs. 

The older dog seems to be depressed and is not eating his food like he used to and is now totally rejecting treats. We separate the dogs a lot so they can have alone time from each other and we always make the time to show the older dog love so he doesn’t feel left out or replaced 

How do I get my older dog to toughen up and will my older dog be depressed forever?"
667,DogAdvice,my dog loves chewing the ends of this toy. can anyone reccommend something similiar?,
668,DogAdvice,3yo Boston pooping in house,"My 3yo Boston Terrier is pooping in my in-laws house. The thing is, he does NOT do this anywhere else. Not at my house, not at my parents house, not at the cottage, at work, etc. It only happens when my in-laws are dog sitting him (which is every day - they watch him while I am at work). He only goes poo right by the front door. Nowhere else in the house. There are bells by all of the doors that he *knows* to press when he wants to go out for potty time (all of them have been tested and are fully functional). I'm at a loss on how to stop this behavior. When this first started happening I scheduled an appointment with the vet. She said there is nothing physically wrong with him and she doesn't have a clue why he's doing this. 

Advice? Recommendations on products to stop this? "
669,DogAdvice,What are these small bugs crawling around my dogs butt?,
670,DogAdvice,"my dog ""coughs"" after our long, fast walks. Only when we get home. sometimes she'll even throw up a little. It worries me, does anyone know what it could be? my theory is in post","You know when you're running and suddenly stop and become nauseous/throw up? I wonder if that's what's going on with her. I've tried slow walking for the last half mile of our walk and the ""coughing"" still happens. She doesn't cough while walking, only when we get home from the walk. The vet is expensive but is this worth it to bring her in for?"
671,DogAdvice,How to get a dog used to wearing booties?,"Hi all. Sorry if this isn't the correct place to ask! I'd like to get my dog booties for the winter since he loves to go on walks. With all the loose gravel and salt laying on the road, I'd like to get him booties to help protect his paws and so they don't get too cold when in the snow. But I have a feeling he's going to hate having them on lol. Any suggestions/experiences with getting a dog used to wearing them, or is it better to just go bare paw?"
672,DogAdvice,Deter my dog from jumping on couches,"I have a very stubborn shepherd that is really hard to train and she always jump and the couches and she’s like crazy. 

Any tip on spray or mixtures in order to get her NOT to sit on the furniture ? Ty"
673,DogAdvice,"My Dog injured her Paw pad, info in comments",
674,DogAdvice,Dog extra clingy,"We are a family of 7 people. My dog is very attached to my father in law and usually stays with him. We recently had a shirt 1 day trip leaving my father in law and him behind. Ever since we came back, he is not leaving my side for a minute. He just wants to be with me all the time, he needs all my attention, wants to sleep on my bed. He does not even want my husband to sleep with us. Should I be concerned about this? He has never shown such affection to anyone before. For reference, he has anxiety issues."
675,DogAdvice,So you guys know what this is,
676,DogAdvice,What are some better alternative treats for my dog?,"We have been feeding my dog a couple of good lovin treats, the pinks ears, maple ham bone, and rawhide rolls. We haven't had any problems, thankfully, but i have been seeing some stuff online saying that this selection of treats is bad, in specific the rawhide and ham bones. I was already aware that rawhide was bad for dogs, but as it said 100 percent digestible I just assumed it was made of something else with the rawhide part simply being a marketing ploy.  We have decided to stop giving him the ham bones since those are dangerous, but i was just wondering if the rawhide rolls are also bad? I have seen a couple of different companies do the same thing of saying something is 100 percent digestible rawhide such as better belly, are these claims legitimate or should i just switch to no hide? Sorry for how many questions there are, I'm kinda freaking out cause i dont want my dog to get sick LOL"
677,DogAdvice,My dog likes outside more than inside,"Obviously my dog is an outside dog. but she has separation anxiety, so she will bark when she wants attention. I train and get her tired and she barely barks during the day until its time to eat dinner. she sometimes wants it early it seems. Thats not the problem though, she is quieter than the other dogs in our neighborhood that are around us and the most behaved big/medium dog on leash.

problem: she likes being outside more than in her crate at night.

explain: when it was warmer i'd have to pet her and then she'd get up to come in and be just fine during the night in her kennel, i dont force her in, she just walks into it with guidence.

now that its cold, we obviously dont want her to freeze outside. she has a dog enclosure she can safely be in with access always to water, a bed, and an igloo. when we bring her in for the night, she goes in as usual and then after a few moments of letting us sleep she starts whinning and barking. at first you'd think ""she just needs water"" or ""she needs a potty break."" well we did both of those, she didnt take the water (when she was a pup she tended to have water at night when she barked which is why i trued it this time) and she went pee. we bring her back in and then a few minutes later she is barking again. we eventually put her outside in the doggy pen and she goes right to sleep on her outside bed, then she wakes up whinning a bit (i assume she forgot it was cold outside til she woke up) and then she goes into her kennel and sleeps the rest of the night perfectly fine.

if we have an anxiety collar from the vet on her, she is better at night inside.

we dont want her to be cold outside. so we prefer her to be inside, but in the last 2 days, she prefers outside. we are working on getting a heating dog bed for her so she isnt cold but it would be nice to know is warmer inside.

her anxiety collar lasts 1 month so after that we have to schedule another, in between those days we dont want to be kept up all night trying to calm her down.

clarify: We do NOT want her outside in the cold. *she* chooses it.

anything we could do?

note: she is 8 yrs old, a Rottweiler, and she has had past seizures due to a mold allergy (affected us too. we moved since then) so the vet said we gotta be careful of the anxiety meds. she had us try some and it gave her a seizure so we stopped and the anxiety collar works great, no seizures."
678,DogAdvice,Dog keeps licking this red bump in between his paws,
679,DogAdvice,"New rescue and old pup-bonding? We’ve had our rescue for 2 weeks, poor guy hasn’t napped the whole time until the last two days where they both curl up on me like this… not quite touching yet but close! Here is to what I hope is a lifetime friendship between them!",
680,DogAdvice,Is this something I should worry about I touched it doesn’t seem to hurt,
681,DogAdvice,Advice on how to quickly settle a dog into moving homes?,
682,DogAdvice,Belgian Malinois/m/5yrs/71lbs,
683,DogAdvice,extremely dominant and aggressive dog,"Hello, I hope someone can help me or give me some advice.. 

I try to make it short and sum everything up.  

My dog is extremely dominant towards other dogs and horribly territorial, I really think that this is an extreme case. I adopted him over a year ago , he‘s 2 years old , castrated and 17 pounds (tiny) , don‘t know his breed, he‘s a mix, but really really beautiful and cute and looks like an angel actually but if he gets angry, he turns into a devil. 

The first months were horrible, he became more and more reactive, went totally crazy when we came close to other dogs, he barked at everything and got aggressive towards me in those moments of rage. I was so so desperate, we live in the city and there are so many dogs here, it was impossible to avoid them completely. Going on a walk with him was horrible, at home I spent my time watching videos and reading stuff etc, I was so exhausted.. i couldn‘t afford a dog trainer or anything so I had to do it on my own, I tried several stuff from counter conditioning, worked a lot with treats, in the end I did a mixture of everything and it got better with time.. 

so now I can go on a walk with him and actually enjoy it (at least most of the time). He gets alonh well with little dogs , females in general , he‘s extremely dominant though and also insecure, sometimes even anxious towards little dogs which is absurd, because when he see‘s a bigger male dog (not castrated worst case) he gets totally wild and its difficult for me to control him. 
In most cases I can handle him very well but there is particularly one dog which is his hate object nr 1 and he becomes this evil rage machine , it‘s really scary actually. I can‘t call it aggression because it doesn‘t describe it at all. In that state I cannot do much. I tell him to STOP It, try to make him sit, making eye contact , which works with other dogs that he doesn’t like but not with his hate objects (that one dog and especially huskies) Even when the dog is not in sight anymore he marks the ground like crazy , growling at the same time, raised hair from neck to tail… 

today we had this encounter in the morning, he went wild, I tried but couldn‘t control him, he bit me in the leg. I was so angry and so sad because I thought that we passed that shit already, it was a huge relapse. most people find it funny when he gets angry because he‘s little and cute , he always has this beauty bonus. In the first months I always tried to find excuses for this behaviour(he‘s traumatized etc , he was abandoned) but I think it‘s his extremely dominant attitude which has nothing to do with the past. On the other hand he‘s the cutest dog, he really is. 

What is really concerning for me is the level of rage and aggression , he goes from 0 to 10000, it also happened that he got along well with a dog and all of a sudden he got mad and attacked the other dog without any warning. He’s so unpredictable and I’m afraid that he could seriously harm another dog. Of course other owners find it funny because “cute little dog gets angry“ “don‘t worry, it‘s ok“.. no it‘s not. another big problem is the vet. We were three (!!!) people trying to control and hold him for one vaccine. I don‘t know what happens if he gets ill and needs treatment … even the vets said it to me “this is not normal. We have seen extrem cases of nervous and anxious dogs at the vet.“ 

I tried to get him used to a muzzle, we trained that but he gets paralized as soon as he wears it, he wouldn‘t move .. i don‘t think that wearing a muzzle is the solution, I wish it was. He also rejects any kind of collar, he turns into a depressed thing, he only wears a harness for walks. Don‘t know what he went through and why he hates other dogs so much. 
At home he‘s cute and I‘m happy with him, he sleeps at his place, no begging at the table (of course he tries but he goes back to his place when I tell him) , no destruction or aggression problems, he waits for my commando to start eating , no extrem barking only when excited for something.. one vet said to me that I should not give him affection, no petting, no cuddling, only one place for him, all rooms forbidden, basically only nos nos nos.. i mean, this is not the solution right? We have rules, like I wrote above, but I don‘t think that something would change for the better if I stopped petting him. 

I hope this wasn‘t too much.. it would be nice to hear other experiences , maybe someone knows something, I would appreciate that alot! Thank you!!"
684,DogAdvice,"Hiccups for hours, vomits sometimes","Three year old hound. Every other day, he gets hiccups and sometimes vomits. Not sure, but vomiting may stop hiccups.

Any idea why, what to look for, and other general advice?"
685,DogAdvice,Puppy got her shots and now the bottom of her tail/back is bothering her A LOT. Is this just normal post shots?,"13 week old puppy got her second round and now she cries every time I pick her up or try and pet her. The sensitive area seems to be the bottom of her tail. Should I be concerned? Or is it just normal for her to have some tenderness around there after shots? I thought it would be more her hip than her tail. Was thinking about calling the vet in the morning but wanted to see if anybody else has had a similar thing with their dog. 

Another slight concern, she isn’t crazy about her food. All my puppies in the past have been food crazy and she just eats however much she wants (less than the bag suggests) and then walks away from it. She’s a healthy weight and is growing fast. Just curious if this is concerning or a good sign that she only eats if she’s hungry."
686,DogAdvice,Growths on toes ( more in comments),
687,DogAdvice,Watching a second dog for the holiday - Any Tips?,"Hi folks -- I'm watching a friend's dog for the week. My 1-year old pup and this 6-year old pup have met and socialized a few times (one at my place, a couple of times at theirs, and once out on a ""family hike"") and while they have different energy levels have played a bit and everything has been okay. However, I'd still like folks' tips/advice on how to make sure the week goes as smoothly as possible. I don't have guests over a ton, and though neither dog has shown any hint of being territorial, my pup is a little bit of an attention hog (in particular hogging any dog/human third party attention)."
688,DogAdvice,My dog is acting anxious about being inside because of flies?,"I have a 10 year old lab/husky mix who has always been a very… emotional, dog.  He picks up on vibes, gets depressed if it’s not a nice day out, extra anxious with loud noises, etc.  However recently he’s been acting like he’s afraid to be inside.  At first we thought it was because his ear was bothering him but we’ve cleaned his ear up now and he’s still acting like this.  Then when he sees a fly he jumps up and runs off when it didn’t even really fly near him.  Flies have been getting in the house a lot lately but it’s getting to a point with the dog where he refuses to come inside and we have to chase him around the yard to leash him and bring him in after he’s been out for so long.  He’ll tremble and have his tail tucked and we can’t figure out how to calm him because we’re not even 100% sure it or the flies causing this reaction.  He isn’t afraid of them when he’s outside and they buzz around him but inside is different for some reason.  I just don’t know if maybe it’s the flies or if something else medically is going on with him maybe?  And then if it is the flies I don’t know how to calm him.
We just don’t know what to do and are really worried"
689,DogAdvice,Spot appeared 10 days ago and is getting bigger.,This is a 75 lb neutered female lab. She doesn’t seem to notice this spot. It first appeared as the hair slightly lighter in color but now the hair is much lighter and very course. The skin underneath looks darker than the surrounding area. Anyone have an idea what this might be?
690,DogAdvice,Small white lump on dogs paw pad feels like a little pimple,
691,DogAdvice,Hard lump under skin of my 8 month old Great Pyrenees,Hi! New dog owner here. Got my 8 month old male GP about 2 months ago. He is an outside working dog on a farm. Today I noticed while petting him a hard lump about the size and shape of a lipstick tube on his left shoulder blade. I've never noticed it before and I spend a lot of time out there with him petting him. At first I thought it was a bone protruding but nothing similar on the other side. I pressed hard on it and he did not react so it doesn't seem like it is causing him pain but I am concerned about him. He is not limping or anything and is eating and drinking and acting normal. Any advice on what it could be?
692,DogAdvice,"Dog ate paper muffin wrapper 1.5 days ago, seems fine but hasn’t passed it.","Advice needed- our 20 pound Westie ate a banana nut muffin wrapper Sunday morning (1.5 days ago). We have been monitoring her and she’s her normal self. She pooped yesterday evening and this morning and both were normal. Her appetite has been good.

Overnight she did throw up a little in her crate which she does from time to time (tends to randomly eat things on our back patio) and she did not poop yet this evening.

Is she ok if it doesn’t pass? Is it possible it is dissolving? It was just a standard paper wrapper on the muffin. We are supposed to travel for thanksgiving tomorrow and she is supposed to be at her daycare place for the week.  Not sure of what to do here."
693,DogAdvice,3yo female was spayed 16 days ago. does her wound look ok? she is booked into the vets for tomorrow as she seems to still be in pain but I'm not sure if it's the spay or something else...,
694,DogAdvice,Came home and realized my dog has the really big mark under his eye that appears to be a scratch any idea what this may be?,
695,DogAdvice,"The dog has been vomiting whole food for two days, is it worrying? (Ate rice at lunch",
696,DogAdvice,How do I build confidence cutting black dog's nails?,"This is just after a trim, and I trim regularly. But her nails are just so black!! I feel like I don't take enough length off, but I'm terrified of hitting her quick. I know the visual 'tricks'to determine when you're close to the quick but I still feel like a ball of anxiety trying to avoid hitting it. She also just has a stupid long quick, even when she gets professionally groomed &amp; has her nails dremeled they're still pretty long. She is good about trims, it's me that has the issue."
697,DogAdvice,Leaking fluid from paws,"My 13yo boxer pit mix has some issues with swelling and fluid retention. He’s seen two different vets, one charged us $800 to tell us they don’t know what’s going on, the other said heart cancer and he would die in a few weeks. This was about a year and a half ago. Normally he swells up for about a week, then pees it all out. This time is worse, the swelling isn’t going down like it normally does. He is leaking a clear fluid from his paws, and it’s like a lot. The vet can’t get him in until next week, and I refuse to go back to the emergency vet who told us they didn’t know. I don’t know what to do for him, the person from the vets office I spoke to didn’t seem like she believed that he was actually leaking from his paws. What could it even be?"
698,DogAdvice,Adorable names for a pomeranian/spitz?,"I'm getting a little boy on Sunday and need to think of names, he's a fluff ball and looks like a teddy bear.

I like names that are very cute sounding, I'm not a huge fan of human names unless it's something that it still cute like Koda, milo or has two names in one like teddy/short for Ted.

But yeah feel free to comment name ideas for my baby 🥰"
699,DogAdvice,Do dogs always bleed when on their period?,"My stepmoms 1.5 y/o ShitPu has never bled, she’s shown other signs of being in heat though on occasions ie: licking vulva, enlarged/pinker vulva, hormonal changes like being extra needy, annoying my dog more etc.. it does all happen at the same time the only thing she’s never done is bled.  Just wondering if this is normal as my own dog was spayed when i rescued her and all previous dogs were male so im not experienced with dog periods. tia"
700,DogAdvice,Can/should I introduce my puppy to my mom’s dogs and let him out in the yard?,"I just got a puppy (my first ever pup). He is 8.5 weeks old. I have a rescue dog that is 7 (I have had him for 2.5 years). I introduced the pup and my dog just a few days ago. They have been doing well together so far, though they are always supervised of course and are separated at night or when I have to go to work.

Its important to note that my pup is working on potty training using puppy pads and hasn’t touched grass yet (or really been outside). 

I am going to my parents’ house for Thanksgiving this week. My parents have two dogs and a large fenced in yard. My pup has had his first round of puppy shots (after which I introduced him to my dog). He will be getting his second round before I go to my parents’ house. 

My questions are, should I let him outside in their fenced in yard under supervision for a short amount of time (so he can touch grass and explore some) or should I keep him in the room I’ll be staying in, in isolation? Also, should I allow him to be introduced to my parents’ dogs? All of our dogs are up to date on shots and monthly flea/tick/work medications. I just don’t want to overwhelm the little guy and since this is my first puppy I wanted to ask. TIA"
701,DogAdvice,OTC treatment for moist dermatitis in palliative dog,"Hi! 

My parents have an elderly shih tzu with heart failure, and while she's on medication for that, the plan is to let her go peacefully on her own time. Taking her to the vet upsets her so much that they just automatically refill her meds for her without visits, since the clinic doesn't do tele visits

She isn't fat but has this big fold on her butt, right above her tail, and from the smell and look of it, it seems to be moist dermatitis. While I'm visiting them, I'm gently drying the fold when I can, but I'm at a loss as to what kind of otc powder I can get for her. The vet won't prescribe anything without seeing her, I can't find anyone who will see a new patient over telehealth, and the only experience I have with this was resolved with Neo-Predef powder. 

She doesn't seem to be in pain, but I don't want it to get to the point where she is. Any advice?"
702,DogAdvice,Is this type of play friendly? The neck stuff always makes me nervous so we give them a break when that happens but would love for it to completely stop,
703,DogAdvice,"Interested in buying puppy, found out hes been taken away from mother early.","So I've had my heart set on this puppy from the moment I saw him, he's a pomchi currently 5 weeks.

Now I've been speaking to the breeders, and have found out he's been taken away from the mother early as she stopped producing milk.. I'm assuming around 4 weeks. He was given to them due to them owning the dad (the stud) which means puppy hasn't been completely alone and has had dad with him.

However, I am now very concerned.. this would be my first time owning a puppy and although I am going to do training I'm worried this may be a bad idea.

Is it likely he will have issues? He has been with dad"
704,DogAdvice,Dog ear tip is bleeding,"Hello, 

My dog (1.5 year old hound mix) has had on/off scabbing on the tip of his ear for the past few months. At first, I dismissed it as a simple nip from another dog that he plays with, but it seems to reoccur in the same location on the same ear. He is not an outdoor dog, and is up to date on all his vaccines and heartworm + tick meds. 

The spot is small, about 4-5mm across, and bleeds occasionally. When it is scabbed over, it is a hard, crystal-like feeling that is noticeable. Additionally, my dog yelps a bit if I handle the scab. 

I cleaned it up with soap and water, and got these pics: https://imgur.com/a/jqBodtL

Any ideas what this could be? And, any ideas what could help? It seems to heal and go away, only to crop up again a few months later in the same spot. 

Thanks!"
705,DogAdvice,How to start my dog in daycare?,"I have a 3 year lab/cattle dog mix. She is THE sweetest, kind, easygoing dog. However she doesn’t play fetch with any toy I tried, she doesn’t play with other toys she has, the two things she likes are dog parks (even then she is picky with the dogs there) or playing/running/walking with me. I usually walk her 3 miles a day and take her to the park for min an hour on top of that. However with winter coming up and daylight savings time, it’s now dark when we wake up and dark when I get home, I tried the dog park but there’s nobody there after sunset, and to top it off coyotes have been coming into the city and I’m scared to venture far in the dark. As it is, I can’t tire her and while she is a good girl and doesn’t destroy anything while I’m at work, I wanna make her as happy as possible and I see how full of energy she is on our walks.

So I finally caved in, did my research and found a good daycare. But I don’t know how to go about this. My dog and I have never been really apart, I occasionally ask friends to dogsit her but always at my place. She is very uncomfortable in new environments, twice we did sleepovers at a friend’s house and she was very agitated in the evening to go home, she even peed on the carpet and didn’t ‘speak to me’ the whole time. If we go on a day visit and I leave the room/house briefly (to go to the car for example) she barks and cries and tries her hardest to follow me. I know once she gets used to the daycare she’ll have a blast. As a puppy she had a lot of separation anxiety. So I don’t want to just take her to the daycare and leave her there and trigger something day 1. I don’t want her to feel abandoned. This is the primary reason I avoided daycares for the past 3 years. 

Any advice on how to go about this?"
706,DogAdvice,Dog ate wrong medicine,"My 50 pound Australian Shepard takes 37.5mg of deramaxx daily. Well this morning while feeding her her medicine, my 16 Pound Boston ran in and ate it when she dropped it. Should I be concerned about this? That is a big weight difference and I know the medicine goes by weight."
707,DogAdvice,My dog randomly stopped humping? Is this normal?,"Hi y’all! First time posting here. 

I have a 2.5 year old pug. Ever since the day we brought him home he’s “humped” normally once a day lol. He has a blanket that he likes to hump and he’s just always done it. Yes he still needs to be neutered, he’s never around other dogs but we still need to for health purposes. (I saw posts in a pug group about pugs somewhat commonly dying under anesthesia so I’m honestly just so scared.) Anyways, we went on a 4 day trip where we boarded him at the same place we always do, and he seems to do just fine there. Last time we picked him up, they told us he was humping his bed alot but this time they did not. We’ve now been back for 7 days and he has not humped his bed or blanket at all. Of course I suppose he could be doing it when I’m not home, but I’m home more often than not and he’s never seemed to desire the privacy before lol. All of his other behavior is normal (eating, peeing/pooping, playing etc) Obviously I’m not mad that this behavior has gone away, but I am worried and hoping it’s normal to just stop all of the sudden. My husband thinks I’m ridiculous for worrying but seeking some opinions. Thank you so much. 😊"
708,DogAdvice,"Looking for general tips on how to resolve a situation with a neighbor, train my dog better, and know my rights with animal control.","Hello, so I have a 30lb dog that lives in an apartment complex. He is generally sweet and well behaved but he is a territorial barker and doesn’t really understand why so many people live right outside of our house. He has never attempted to bite anyone but he can sound very scary when he barks. He will pull on the leash and bark. We have has a few run ins with the next door neighbor and us leaving at the exact same time because our doors are 2 feet apart. 

Anyways she is fed up and scared of him even though he’s never done anything- she is claiming he’s tried to bite her on multiple occasions and reporting animal control because she claims we have no control over him. In my opinion this is just a straight up lie, but I could imagine how an aggressive sounding dog that we are holding on the leash might seem like he’s “trying to bite” when he’s pulling towards you. We have introduced them in the past and he always tries to hide behind us when she gets close. 

Regardless though, I want to be a better neighbor and curb my dogs excessive barking and territorial attitude because I’m aware it’s obnoxious as hell for everyone. Currently we do some treat training where we calmly sit him down and close his mouth and give a treat when he settles down, but it is not working fast enough. I think a muzzle is probably appropriate at this point if only for us to look better as far as taking action with the situation. I don’t think her accusations are fair, but I want to do more to be on the safe side. Has anyone dealt with any situations like this?"
709,DogAdvice,What are some ways to care for dog with mast cell tumors?,"Hi all. I'm looking for advice from others who have had a dog with inoperable mast cell tumors. Back in June my dog (11) had surgery to remove one and it was a grade 3. Margins were clean and there was spread to one lymph which was also removed. Even after two different chemo medications, she's developed new tumors which aren't operable. She's not responding to chemo so we've decided to focus on her quality of life. The tumors haven't slowed her down. She still loves her walks, gets excited for dinner time, and wants to chase whatever little animals she sees in our yard. I want her to enjoy whatever time she has left. She's 11 after all. I'm working with my vet to keep her comfortable and happy. 

If you've had experience with this, what are some ways to care for a dog with this disease? My main concern is cleaning and caring for any ulcerated tumors. I know that my vet can advise me on this but I wanted to seek out advice and experiences from anyone who has gone through this.

Thank you!"
710,DogAdvice,What should I do about my dog over the holidays?,"TL;DR leave my dog at an Airbnb close by, doggie daycare, or leave him at home but he’ll be alone for longer periods of time. 


Christmas is coming up and I’m still trying to figure out what would be the best way to take care of my dog while at family gatherings. Will be going to one family function on Christmas Eve, and another on Christmas Day. They are both close to each other, but far enough from my house that we will likely be staying over at my mom’s house for the two days.



My dog is quite well behaved when visiting other people, but can’t go to the Christmas Eve gathering because they have cats, and he can’t come to the Christmas Day because my sister has pretty bad allergies and a small baby, and is also scared of Coop a bit (he’s very sweet but very big and very hairy). I could probably fight to bring him but I don’t want my sister to be uncomfortable at Christmas.



Anyway, I’m not really sure what I’m going to do with my dog. He is really good 99% of the time, but will sometimes steal something and resource guard it, so I don’t feel comfortable leaving him at a daycare. We once got a friend to watch him for a week while we were on vacation and he was so bad, that my friend was literally scared of him and we had to get a family member pick him up midweek. (Had a different friend watch him once but that friend I guess was experienced with resource guarding so was able to handle it). But it seems like he acts up when he’s with unfamiliar people in an unfamiliar place. He usually is watched by my partners family when we go away (he grew up with them in that house so they never have any trouble) but they are going to be at the Christmas Eve gathering, and will have their own thing on Christmas Day. 



My mom has offered to watch him while we are away for Christmas Eve, but then I’ll still need to find somewhere for him to go on Christmas Day. 



Options are: I have booked a dog friendly Airbnb near my mom’s house that we could bring him to so we can easily go and visit / walk him a few times that day. Im just worried he will be really stressed in an unfamiliar house by himself and destroy something (he’s hasn’t had separation anxiety at our house). 



Or we leave him at our place and just go home each night but Coop will be by himself for two full days and I don’t think that’s really fair for him. 



There are also “doggie suites” in my mom’s area, sort of like a daycare, but alone. But you have to do a consultation as well as a “doggie daycare trial”, so we’d have to get that done before the holidays start. 



Ideally, my mom’s friend lives practically next door and we could potentially leave Coop there (she has a dog as well so it’s all dog proofed), but only if she is away for Christmas because while our dogs do get along, it’s still always a risk with two dogs in the same house. But it would be so nice if we could use her house because we could pop in and out super easily throughout the day and my family loves a Christmas walk. 



Does anyone have any advice, or tips? All is appreciated !!"
711,DogAdvice,Slipped or possible ruptured disc,"Yelp of pain coupled with low and tentative mobility on Thursday, vet appointment on Friday couldn’t figure out what was wrong and we were sent home with anti inflammatory and pain meds. 
Went to emergency today as he was visibly distressed and vet immediately knew it was either a slipped or ruptured disc. Sent home with heavy pain meds and crating orders apart from toilet break every 4ish hours. 
If no improvement in 2-3 days he needs to have spinal surgery. 
I’m so scared, worried, paranoid and an emotional wreck. Has anyone been in a similar situation? Any happy stories? Please."
712,DogAdvice,My dog (11 months old) cannot swim,"So let’s start this post off by saying I haven’t had her the whole time and was born during quarentine so had never left the house, so definitely had no idea how to even attempt swimming or what a beach was, but needless to say I was in the pool one day with said dog and carrying her to the edge just to test if she knew anything about swimming (which she didn’t, but was close to steps so it didn’t matter) and I let her go but was right next to her and she was moving her front legs but not back, and just ended up sinking, so any advice on how to help her how to swim?"
713,DogAdvice,"Found a freezing pup outside, now what?","Last night around 1:30am, my friend and I found a pup wandering around outside, freezing cold, without a collar. We got her inside, fed and watered, a nice warm bath, and lots of pets and attention. She’s curled up, sleeping cozily now. 

I’ve never had a dog before… the largest animal I’ve had is a cat… and I don’t want to mess things up. So… help? 

I plan to take her to the vet tomorrow for a check up, and to see if she has one of those scanner ID chips implanted. If not, I’ll post flyers around my neighborhood to see if anyone is missing her. 

She was terrified, starving, and smelled like stale urine when we found her. And she’s got a kind of rust-colored rash under her neck where a collar should’ve been. She hasn’t really made any noise, and is incredibly sweet. She stopped shaking from fear after the bath, and even managed to have some playful tippy taps when she met my cat (who is not amused). 

No idea what breed she is… see the Imgur album below. 

Thank you for any help you lovely folks are willing to provide! 

https://imgur.com/a/4rLcS2I"
714,DogAdvice,9 year old pomchi now has a bald spot,"Hi! A few months ago I had my dog groomed, and noticed she was then scratching a bit more often, I attributed this to the shampoo, and did some treatments as she has dry skin. She got wrapped up in my shirt a few nights ago, so I started looking at her back in an attempt to detangle her, and noticed this tiny bald spot forming. She’s not scratching the affected area, but she is licking it. Behavior is normal otherwise with no issues eating or drinking. Is there anything I can do to provide her some relief and prevent her from licking the area and irritating it further?"
715,DogAdvice,"Dog paw lump from litel and white to big and red. Vet appointment scheduled, what might it be?",
716,DogAdvice,Introducing new puppy (4 mos) to my dog (5 y/o),"We brought a puppy home during the first week of November. She's a Shih Tzu who came from a kennel, before being brought to the province where we went to get her. We decided to bring our 5 y/o dog (who's a Shih Tzu too) so they can meet at a neutral place. 

At home, the puppy often bumps into our Shih Tzu, runs towards her, and signals that she wants to play. Our Shih Tzu always runs away and asks my mom to carry her away from the puppy. Sometimes she goes up to my parents' room and hides just so the puppy won't find her. Do you have any tips on how they can get along better and how we can get our Shih Tzu to warm up to the puppy?"
717,DogAdvice,"I got this from the Livestock section of my pet supply store. Biggest recommendation for a boofy doofus. It tastes bad so no licking and it is antiseptic so we don't need to worry about running to te vet over every minor cut or scratch. She does not like it, but accepts in exchange for chicken feet.",
718,DogAdvice,Doggie therapy?,"I recently adopted a dog. She’s a 4 year old boxer, bulldog mix and she’s just the sweetest dog on the planet and she’s already so comfortable in my home. She showed absolutely no signs of abuse until today. My boyfriend found a switch blade earlier that day. We we’re standing in the kitchen while he was cleaning and fixing the faulty button that would release the blade. He got it working and the blade popped out. This poor dog went from laying contently on the ground to staring and the blade. She sat and looked at it for a minute before getting up, peeing herself, then hiding behind the table. She was still staring at us while I took the knife and threw it away. I went to get paper towels to clean the pee and when I turned she had her tail tucked, licking the urine. Of course she didn’t get in trouble for doing this. I kept saying in a gentle voice “what’s wrong?” so she didn’t feel like she did something bad. She is fully house broken and has always scratched at the door when she needs to go out. I had my boyfriend lead her to another room while I cleaned so she didn’t lick it anymore. This was extremely heart breaking to see. She’s such a sweet gentle dog. It there anything I can do to help heal this poor babies traumatic past?"
719,DogAdvice,a doggie got hurt,"i dog sit at my home every now and then as a side hustle. i’ve recently started because i just moved into a home with a fenced in backyard. i have pet sitting insurance that i recently acquired as well. 
i’m watching my friends 2 dogs, 1 of which has known my dog for many years and they have played together a few times in the past. she asked me to watch her dogs while she goes out of town for holiday. 
earlier, i was supervising them in the backyard. they all have a similar energy level and play pretty rough. they were rolling around on top of each other, and suddenly one is bleeding profusely and i can’t tell from where. nothing malicious happened at all. turns out, the tip of the one dogs ear was cut, maybe from a nail or a tooth that was flailing around (like i said there was no malicious chomping action). dog ears are all veins and capillaries so the bleeding is intense and never ending. at first when i cleaned her up it was just a little nick, not even a CM long. she continued to fuss with it and shake her head every time i tried to clean it, thus opening it more, and eventually splitting it. i bought things to slow the bleeding and wrap it up, and put a cone on her. i’m taking her to the vet first thing in the morning and it’s going to cost me around $300. she’s not in any pain, seemingly, but i feel terrible. this has never happened before and it was a freak accident. i have kept the owner informed and she isn’t upset with me at all, she knows her dogs play rough and she mentioned she was surprised they hadn’t hurt each other before. 
is there anything i’m missing here that i need to do? will my pet sitting insurance reimburse me for the vet fees?"
720,DogAdvice,Dog at 3 chocholate chip cookies,Im taking her to the vet tomorrow but my mom is freaking out. Is there anything else I should do
721,DogAdvice,Four year old dog suddenly acting out?,"
We have a four year old Shiba Inu named Chai. We have had him since he was 8 weeks old, and he is generally a very good boy. Of course, being a shiba, he has his ‘quirks,’ but when it comes to training and behavior, he has been a very good boy for four years now. 

He has also usually shown to be very adaptable. We have moved a couple of times since we got him, and he has also adapted through a lot of job/routine changing. He has always readjusted extremely quickly and well, honestly he’s really a trooper. 

But, out of nowhere ( for him ), he’s starting to act out. I’d like to ask you all to keep open and understanding minds as you read this! And know that I have years of experience with dog owning and training, and I know ‘objective’ solutions for some of the issues we’re having — im just a little stressed and overwhelmed and wondering if anyone has any constructive insight!

We recently moved again, about two months ago now. And in fact, the place we moved into provides a much nicer situation for Chai. And as he usually does, he adjusted very very quickly to the new place! He was doing amazing. 

Until I started my new job, about three weeks ago. Before this, I worked a full time job, and Chai was very used to being in a crate when I was at work — my new job is no different. 

But since the very first night after starting my new job, Chai has been whining in his crate. He has /never/, truly never, done that before. Not even a couple years ago when our life was extremely unstable and we had almost no routine. Now, we are stable, and we do have routine — but Chai seems to have almost regressed? 

Since my fiancé is at home most of the time, Chai pretty much only has to be crated at night. I wait until the last possible minute before I go to bed to put him in there, giving him as much time outside of the crate as I can. He usually doesn’t go to bed til at least 1 am. I’ll even stay up later than I should just for his sake, since he suddenly hates being in there so much. He whines immediately when he goes in, and goes on for about an hour or so. And then, he whines again at like five in the morning, and continues to do so off and on until I get up. 

I’ve tried getting up to let him go potty, and then locking him back up, and he’ll keep whining, so I know that isn’t the problem. 

And again, this only started when I started working again. For the first month in the new house, he didn’t make a peep in his crate, no fuss whatsoever — which is his normal. But now he’s not only keeping himself awake with the whining, but he’s disturbing our sleep too, and I work a very mentally and physically exhausting job — needless to say, I’m definitely getting frustrated and confused. And very tired lol. 

Today, he has absolutely blown my mind with a new ‘regression.’ We use the Place command for him for when we aren’t able to supervise him — if one of us is nearby and can keep sort of an eye on him, he does as he pleases. But when we’re preoccupied and in a different part of the house, we put him on Place. Just like with his crate, he has always been an extremely good boy for years about this. He has always seemed to even enjoy the routine, he gets excited to go on Place and he loves to curl up and snooze. 

But today, he has broken Place /four/ times in a row. The first time I wrote off as a fluke, thought maybe he needed to pee, but I still put him back on Place and released him myself, let him outside for a while, and then put him back. 

A few minutes later, I heard the clicking of his claws on the floor, and I was a little flabbergasted. He really /never/ does this. I put him back on Place. 

This has happened two more times. He doesn’t seem to be attempting to do anything specific when he gets up, like he isn’t going to the door to get out, he isn’t sniffing around the kitchen like he does when he’s hungry. He’s just trotting around or lying on the couch or something aimless. 

I know I’ve rambled on, and I know, being a dog group, people will have some most likely strong, owner-attacking opinions 💚 ( I’ve worked with dogs and dog people for over ten years, and I know how dog people are — especially on the internet! ) I just ask, again, that you guys try to understand that I know my dog, I know how to work with dogs, and I know logical solutions to these problems. I’m just struggling to understand where they’re coming from. I have never ever expected a ‘perfect’ dog, there’s no such thing, and I’ve always been very understanding of the misbehaviors he has normally has throughout his life. But these new things, his very sudden crate training and place training regressions, are important things and they’re very tiring. If this were a new dog, or a dog I didn’t know, or a dog who I know has had bad experiences with these things ( etc ), it would make a lot more sense to me. But Chai has only ever known crate and place training, and if anything, those two routines have been the more consistently stable things that he knows!"
722,DogAdvice,"Painful back paws, Shiba Inu",
723,DogAdvice,Looking for the best dogs suited for an apartment! Thank you,
724,DogAdvice,I have a 12 year old diabetic pug and just need any help moving forward for his health and well being. Anything i can research or any advice is welcomed. Ive had him since he was born. I just want the rest of his days as comfortable as possible. #doglove #veterinarian #vet #foryoupage,
725,DogAdvice,What is this skin affliction? 13 y/o shitzu,
726,DogAdvice,Cyst on paw? Advice.,"- epsom salt soaking doesn’t work
- limps, but still able to walk"
727,DogAdvice,Weimaraner foot problem,
728,DogAdvice,Puppy won’t eat,"Hi guys. I have a puppy who when she was little 2-3 months would eat like her life depends on it and now at 7 months I have to beg and barter for her to finish even a quarter of her daily serving size. She’s been to the vet regularly and she’s fine, just uninterested. Does it just taste bad? Am I spoiling her too much?"
729,DogAdvice,Just need to vent,"This is Mabel. We agreed to foster her a week ago (our third dog, first time fostering). We think she was born on the streets, pregnant and delivered puppies a couple of months ago. LOVES people and other dogs. All good.

But she is extremely needy. Likes to jump on us to get attention. Regardless of what we're doing at the moment. She also playfully nips at our feet, shoes and sometimes arms. She's intense. 

The trainer suggested this wire pen and it's been pretty useful. The idea is to keep her settled in one place during times we can't play with her. She goes in willingly but whines once whatever treat we lured her in with is finished.

I feel for her and care for her, but she's EXHAUSTING. Hoping we eventually alter her behavior enough so that either we can keep her or get her placed in a loving home."
730,DogAdvice,Is it normal for a groomer to buzz the hair off the testicles? This was only my second time going to the groomer and they didn’t do this last time. They buzzed so close they look raw. Is this ok or am I right to be upset?,
731,DogAdvice,dog being aggressive ever since little sister arrived.,"we have had my rottweiler(rocky) for around 4 and a half years now and recently my little sister was born. ever since shes been in the house he hasnt taken to her at all, he always barks at her bares his teeth to her, marks on all her stuff and sometimes nips her hands when she gets too close and he even steals her food but he doesnt do that to anyone else. but today he really bit her, she was playing with her toys near the gate which he was on the other side of and one of her toys fell through, and when she tried to get it back he bit at her hand and her hand went all red and she was crying, i have never seen her cry like that unless she is seriously hurt. no skin was broken but she has never even touched him or harmed him in any way so i dont know why he would react this way, he is also rather aggressive to me sometimes when i have food in my hands and barks and growls when i am running around with my little sister and entertaining her. my mother refuses to even get him training even though he is so aggressive and untrained and i am sick of him biting me and my sister and barking every time the neighbours go out, sometimes he barks non stop all night when i have school in the morning and its starting to seriously get in ny nerves. please i just need some advice on what to do."
732,DogAdvice,Are these things I should develop a training plan for?,"I've only had experience with an extremely reactive dog so I want to make sure I'm not overkill for this pup. And learn the difference between ""eh this is a minor issue I shouldn't micromanage"" and ""this is a real issue that should be tackled proactively."" 

We go on solo walks all the time and I introduce her to other people and other dogs. She's a little nervous around dogs but LOVES people. But sometimes she'll see (not meet) one person and just decide she doesn't like them. She doesn't pull or lunge. Just a clear sort of ""stay away from me"" bark. But it's so rare. Not even once a day that I'm confused on how to handle it. It's not even the same look, race, gender or clothing that sets her off though they trend more towards elderly women. And not even the same person every time. I've kinda of just let it slide as far as training. I apologize and we'll move to the side to let that person go through. Dogs are beings too right? They're gonna just not like someone sometimes like I do. But because she locks onto that person she doesn't like, it spooks them a bit. She'll do her one warning barking and then as they walk past she'll bark a 2-3 time more if I don't redirect her. Again, no lunging or anything. I often use treats to break her attention. But is that the best option? Because I am unsure how I can decrease her random, yet infrequent reactivity and make her more comfortable.

Final thing is her ""confirmation"" barking. She's otherwise very quiet and I live in an apartment. She sleeps in the bed with me and when I give her the command to come up to the bed at night, she does a single loud bark and comes over. Like a ""okay I hear you."" or ""On my way!"" thing. I'm worried it may wake up the neighbor in the middle of the night. During the day she doesn't confirmation bark like that. I don't get it. What are your thoughts on handling that?"
733,DogAdvice,Bee sting? Spider bite?,"Two and a half year old female black lab ... phone call to her vet suggested an e-colar for a few days.

Bee sting, big bite, maybe?"
734,DogAdvice,Nee sting? Spider bite?,"Two and a half year old female black lab ... phone call to her vet suggested an e-colar for a few days.

Bee sting, maybe?"
735,DogAdvice,How do I curve this behavior,If anyone could help me curve this behavior I would really appreciate if anyone could help he charges on site but he is very friendly
736,DogAdvice,Dog is weirdly aggressive,My dog has been with us for 3 weeks he is super friendly twords people and other dogs when me or my girlfriend are around when someone walks by in the house he will charge at them and then when that person Sudues my dog he is able to pet him and he’s very friendly how do I get this behavior to stop he’s a great dog he also shakes when this happens so I know it’s a fear response
737,DogAdvice,"Abused Dog, AC Won’t Help","There is a very large family around the corner from my daughter’s house that got a large breed puppy about 6 months ago. From the day they brought the dog home, it has been locked alone in an outdoor enclosure. He/she is never taken out of this 6’x6’ enclosure. One side is chain link, and it is covered by a roof but still exposed to the elements due to the chain link side. 

My daughter and her GF tried speaking to the family there, but a language barrier prevented any meaningful dialogue, and they were eventually told to leave. They then called animal control, who came out and checked on the dog, and then told my daughter that because the dog had food, water, and shelter, and was not chained for extended periods of time that there was nothing they could do. 

I’ve walked past this poor animal while walking my daughter’s dog and it breaks my heart. He/she whines piteously and claws endlessly at the cement beneath the chain link gate. 

I have moved on to considering other options to liberate this dog. What is the right thing to do here, morally? The dog is well-fed and hydrated, it’s coat is clean and nails trimmed. However, mentally I am certain the dog is in unbearable anguish. It hurts me physically and I don’t know what to do. My daughter and her GF have started walking their dog in other parts of the neighborhood because passing this animal is too painful. 

What is the moral option here? How can I help this dog? We are in WA state if that helps."
738,DogAdvice,How to correct my dog when she charges and barks at people.," Hi  everyone. I have a two-year-old lab. She's a wonderful dog. She was a  joy to train and i feel that I have very clear lines of communication  with her. She has a very balanced temperament (even though she was a  little timid in her first year) and handles 98 percent of interactions,  both with humans and dogs, very well. She has never bitten or shown  signs of aggression in any form other than what i describe below. She  also has a pretty rock solid recall. All in all, a very well-behaved and  good-natured lab. Not untypical.

However, lately a problem has emerged and i don't really understand what causing it or what to do about it when it happens.

I  should say firstly for context that i'm from the UK and this happens  while off lead in the park. In UK parks, it's generally permitted and  understood that dogs will be off lead. There are very few dog specific  parks. The park in question is very, very large.

In  short - Very occasionally, she will charge and bark at people. I know  that she would never attack, but of course the people on the receiving  end do not. She has a pretty scary bark and when she bares her teeth I  appreciate that she could be pretty frightening. She will charge and  stop 5 feet from them, take the space, hackles up and intensely bark a  few times and then return to me. It strikes me very much as 'get away  from us!'. When it happens, she ignores her 'Stop' command (which  usually makes her stop and sit immediately) and ignores her recall  command. This usually all happens in 5 seconds or so.

I've  noticed a few common triggers - People who are concealed and then  reveal themselves, for example, from behind a tree. Also people who are  behaving erratically. Occasionally (and hugely embarrassingly) people  whose faces are covered with veils. It also happens when people have bad  energies. For example, sometime i will spot someone a little physically  intimidating or something walking towards us and even though i don't   change my behaviour or signal my nervousness to her, she picks out the  same person and barks.

I think  there is a logic to it from her perspective. It seems pretty defensive  in nature. However, in my book, this is unacceptable and there is no  excuse. Especially to ignore her stop and recall commands.

Do any of you guys have any thoughts on what this new behaviour might be about and how to best deal with it when it occurs?

Thanks so much.

(edit - Happy to answer any questions in the comments)

#"
739,DogAdvice,How to correct my dog when she charges and barks at people.," Hi  everyone. I have a two-year-old lab. She's a wonderful dog. She was a  joy to train and i feel that I have very clear lines of communication  with her. She has a very balanced temperament (even though she was a  little timid in her first year) and handles 98 percent of interactions,  both with humans and dogs, very well. She has never bitten or shown  signs of aggression in any form other than what i describe below. She  also has a pretty rock solid recall. All in all, a very well-behaved and  good-natured lab. Not untypical.

However, lately a problem has emerged and i don't really understand what causing it or what to do about it when it happens.

I  should say firstly for context that i'm from the UK and this happens  while off lead in the park. In UK parks, it's generally permitted and  understood that dogs will be off lead. There are very few dog specific  parks. The park in question is very, very large.

In  short - Very occasionally, she will charge and bark at people. I know  that she would never attack, but of course the people on the receiving  end do not. She has a pretty scary bark and when she bares her teeth I  appreciate that she could be pretty frightening. She will charge and  stop 5 feet from them, take the space, hackles up and intensely bark a  few times and then return to me. It strikes me very much as 'get away  from us!'. When it happens, she ignores her 'Stop' command (which  usually makes her stop and sit immediately) and ignores her recall  command. This usually all happens in 5 seconds or so.

I've  noticed a few common triggers - People who are concealed and then  reveal themselves, for example, from behind a tree. Also people who are  behaving erratically. Occasionally (and hugely embarrassingly) people  whose faces are covered with veils. It also happens when people have bad  energies. For example, sometime i will spot someone a little physically  intimidating or something walking towards us and even though i don't   change my behaviour or signal my nervousness to her, she picks out the  same person and barks.

I think  there is a logic to it from her perspective. It seems pretty defensive  in nature. However, in my book, this is unacceptable and there is no  excuse. Especially to ignore her stop and recall commands.

Do any of you guys have any thoughts on what this new behaviour might be about and how to best deal with it when it occurs?

Thanks so much.

(edit - Happy to answer any questions in the comments)"
740,DogAdvice,Can this be food allergies.red around mouth ?( vet on Tuesday marked already .),
741,DogAdvice,Is it normal for chihuahuas to have breathing problems?,"I had my 2yr old chihuahua checked from the vet, her cbc and xray all normal. But she constantly wheezes, reverse sneeze at night, snores, and she can't properly bark without coughing."
742,DogAdvice,"How do I tell my dog, I don't know how to help him","I don't know exactly what's wrong with him, but I can tell he's not whining for the usual reasons. He's desperate and he's doing so much to try and get me to see him. Yet it seems like no matter how much I reassure him or notice him, it doesn't take long for him to get back to his usual tricks.

He's probably in pain or has an infection and the closest vet is closed until probably tuesday? So I can't figure out exactly what's wrong.

I just hate to see him like this. He's really trying. This is a serious problem. How do I tell him that I just can't solve his problem right now?"
743,DogAdvice,Are antlers/hard bones bad for dogs teeth?,Are harder bones such as antlers or no split type bones (ex. Benebone) bad for my dogs teeth?
744,DogAdvice,Should I be socializing my 2mo and 2yo old? 2mo bites too much.,"Recently got a 2month old golden retriever, I have a 2 year old Bichon who is admittedly not socialized but is other wise very well behaved save for some of the basic commands we just never taught her. 

2 year old has never dealt with other pups besides her littermates, obviously. I don't know what her relationship was like with her mom or the backyard breeders we got her from.


2 month old comes from what seemed to be reputable breeders, they checked off most of the ""ethical breeder"" checklist. The breeder warned us that Golden is ""anti-social"" and likes to have her own space. She seemed worried we wouldn't like that and really encouraged us to get the other pup. 


Personally, I don't see any insecurity or aggressive habits in this new puppy. She is just a typical puppy with shark teeth and learning boundaries. She is quiet ""introverted"" , however, and regularly get irritated with our Bichon being too close. 


Bichon is usually high energy during playtime, darts around and wants to go hard. So for a while we had to remove *her* because she was overwhelming pup. 

Now, it's the Golden we have to keep separated from Bichon because all she wants to do is *bite*. My Bichon has completely kept a distance, sits with my husband or in another corner and is incredibly tolerant of Golden when she does get a hold of her tail or lip. 



They do want to play at times. But I feel like I can't let them because Bichon will just get bitten. It's like the first thing my Golden wants to do.. and I don't know that my Bichon has it in her to ""correct"" or teach bite inhibition because I can't let them play for longer than two seconds. 

My Bichon has actually gotten an *eye* infection because Golden always goes for the eyes.


Like, I don't think I can let them even sniff each other unless they are about to go to sleep. 

Am I hindering behavioral development and their relationship if I keep them separated at all times? My Bichon wouldn't hurt the Golden, I'm worried she'll lose an eye. 

I do try to play with Bichon separately but she is just SO obsessed with Golden that she won't play with me. 

What could I be doing wrong here? Should I just keep them separated until pup is older? 

Also, any YT videos or resources on how to acquaint new siblings and facilitate boundaries would be appreciated."
745,DogAdvice,"Picky 18 year old chihuahua not interested in food. I feel like i have tried everything. Homecooked, raw, canned, rotisserie chicken etc etc. She will eat a few bites and then isn’t interested anymore. Anyone have any advice or tips that have helped them?",
746,DogAdvice,"Does my puppy need a haircut? I’ve realized I have no idea what I’m doing grooming wise. He’s a mix but obviously has some wire haired/terrier in him, how do I care for his coat? Is his fur growing in front of his eyes annoying for him? Can I cut it or should I take him to a pro? TIA for any advice!",
747,DogAdvice,Anyone know what this spot is? Vet said it was either a bug bite or allergy. Gave us mupirocin ointment to treat but he got another spot somewhere else so just wondering what could be causing it.,
748,DogAdvice,Severe separation issues. What can I do?,
749,DogAdvice,Biting,Can puppies grow out of  biting? And how do you train them not to?
750,DogAdvice,Can you read this body language for me?,
751,DogAdvice,My dog is acting sick,"My dog got into a little fight a couple days ago. And even though he won he’s acting kind of funny. He’s short of breath, taking a lot of naps. Worst of all he’s not eating; I can’t say why but it’s VERY important he stays at a certain weight. 

Do you think he’s ok? I can’t take him to the vet because he says this happens to often and if I come in again he’s gonna tell somebody.

Do you think he’s good?"
752,DogAdvice,Puppy has diarrhea,"Hey everyone. 
My 5 month old Rottweiler mix has had diarrhea for a few days now. 
A couple weeks ago we decided to switch her food. We started off with giving her 1/2 cup new food with 1 1/2 old food twice a day for about 5 days. Then we did 1 cup new food 1 cup old food twice a day for another 5 days, and then did 1 1/2 cups new food and 1/2 cup old food until the old food ran out (around 4 days). She wasn’t having diarrhea until a few days ago probably around the time we started giving her 2 cups twice a day of new food. She is acting completely normal and still full of energy, just up at all hours of the night with the shits and I come home from work with at least one pile of diarrhea on the floor. Tonight for dinner I just fed her 1 cup of plain white rice and will see if that will help. How long should I feed her just rice? Can I feed her anything else to help settle her stomach? Should I keep feeding her this new food? I don’t know if the new food is the issue so I don’t want to switch her food again. Never had issues with switching food for a dog so I don’t really know what to do here!! Thank you!!!!"
753,DogAdvice,Looking for better kibble,"My dog used to be fed IAMS by my parents and I’m looking to switch to a better food. 
My dog is a French bulldog mix and is 4 years old. We are currently paying 2.50 USD per pound and want to stay in that general area. She likes chicken, duck, and turkey, but will eat anything. 
Thanks!"
754,DogAdvice,Is there something wrong with my dogs right eye (your left) she’s had that white ring around it since she was a puppy. The shelter never said anything was wrong with it. I’m just curious what it is,
755,DogAdvice,Skincare advice for dashchund,Hi all I have a 9 month old Dashchund as was wondering if I could get some advice for skincare. Her ears are starting to get dry and scaly and she is starting to get dandruff and must be itchy as she is always rolling herself in the grass in the backyard. The breeder told me to use vinegar baths which I’m going to try out today but was wondering if there was anything else I could do to help her. Any advice would be appreciated thank you
756,DogAdvice,Older dog is acting aggressive,"My older dog is acting up, growled and raised his lip at me

We got a puppy(male)  4 months ago and he is now around the half year mark, he is a nice puppy but sometimes can be somewhat annoying, my older dog (3y male) sometimes reminds him of that by growling at him for a brief second until he submits.
My older dog has show no major issues other than dominating the younger dog, never harming the puppy but playing mouthing games or making him submit when he crosses a line( going after his snack, jumping at his face etc.)
The way we feed them is to tell them to go on their bed, afterwards we put their bowls in their spot and give them the command to go after 3-5 seconds)
I normally feed them at the same time, but a recent trend has happened, where my older dog approaches my puppy, ignoring his own food, and growls at him, when this happens i normally separate them and have them eat alone. 
Today though, he started growling at my puppy and making him submit before i even made them go to bed or put the food down. I found this behaviour bad so 
I sent my dog to another room closed the door and fed the puppy. Then i locked my puppy into a different room and tried to feed the older dog. I put his food down and then told him to go on his bed, but instead of doing so he turned towards me, raised his lips and growled at me, I have previously had a negative experience where he nipped me( less than a cm deep) on my arm when I accidentally provoked( i realise what i did wrong there) but this time it seems almost entirely unprovoked.
Im a little bit shocked right now, I would really like some assistance, I have left my older dog alone in the room he normally rats now and closed the door.
For reference, i am the primary caregiver for the puppy and my older brother for the older dog, he will be returning soon to handle this but i would like to know where i went wrong. Feel free to inquire for more details."
757,DogAdvice,Elbow Dysplasia Postop,"Hi everyone.  
My 5 year old shepherd mix had a subtotal coronoidectomy for her elbow dysplasia on 11/14.  She is limping way worse and hobbling at times.  I'm so upset it seems like she is failing surgery.  She is quarantined and on pain meds.  Follow up appt 11/29.  We are considering putting her down if she doesn't start to make any improvements which is the worst.  
Does anyone have any experience with this recovery and timeline?  I'm under impression we would have seen improvements by now. 
I don't want to rush to losing my best friend but I feel like we are torturing her now.  
Thank you for any of your experiences."
758,DogAdvice,Frenchie woke up not himself,Day after thanksgiving here and he has been laying around.  He threw up in the morning seems a bit feverish and had blood in his poop.  He didn’t eat anything out of the ordinary yesterday that I know of.
759,DogAdvice,Dog afraid of husband only when wife not home,"We've had our rescued street dog for about 3 weeks, which I know is not that long, but if anyone has ideas to help things settle I'd rather implement them sooner than later.

She is on the timid side but very loving.  She took to me and declared me her emotional support human instantly.  And when I am home, she's also very loving with my husband.  She cuddles with him, solicits play, leans into petting, all that good doggy stuff.  However, when I'm not in the house she won't go near him except to hastily snatch treats.  He'd be ok just ignoring her and letting her work through it at her own pace except that she has to go out.  It takes a lot of cajoling for him to get her outside when I'm not home, and then she won't come back in.

When I'm around though, you'd think she was the perfect dog and the two of them had been buddies for years.  How can we help build their trust faster so she can pee on the days I work from the office without spending all day in the rain waiting for me to be the one to invite her back in?"
760,DogAdvice,Help with dog frequently choking?,"Disclaimer before anyone panics: my sweet dog is not currently choking!!

My sweet little dog, a 1yo Cavalier, chokes on treats very easily. We use her kibble for regular treats on walks (Royal Canin Digestive Care Mini) which she seems to enjoy except for the fact that she has choked on them multiple times now.

She has this kibble for breakfast but the choking has really only occurred while we use it as a treat on walks so far.

This obviously terrifies me. Today was particularly scary as at took multiple attempts before we dislodged the treat and she breathed.

Obviously, we won't be using the kibble for treats again. I am calling our vet tomorrow to see if she needs to be checked over for it, and booking a first aid course.

I am wondering what we can use to reward her on walks without the choking hazard? And if anyone has any suggestions on how we can make it less likely she chokes?"
761,DogAdvice,Will I have to put my dog down?,"Dog’s (GSD mix, 8 yo, ~100lbs) other CCL (ACL) blew out this morning and no vet is open to see him. What can I do to help him and make him more comfortable? What can I expect? He can’t walk and is reactive when we try to help him with a makeshift sling (e.g. a blanket/towel). He needs to use the restroom but I have no clue how to help him without adding more discomfort or stress to his situation. My mind is jumping to the worst case scenario where I’ll have to put him down.  

Any advice would be much appreciated."
762,DogAdvice,Aggressive Chewers,"I’m look to order a few new toys for my pup. He’s about 65+ pounds, 9 months, Pit mix and he loves to rip things apart. Any recommendations from the owners with aggressive chewers."
763,DogAdvice,white lump on my dog..? is it just a blister or?,
764,DogAdvice,Is there something wrong with my dog? She has been blinking a lot even after sleeping.,
765,DogAdvice,Reactive dog with bite history,"Hello, I’m in a very tough spot and unsure of what to do. My boyfriend and I have a 2 year old pit mix that we got from the shelter in January. He has a history of being abandoned and we knew this and wanted him anyways. Around us, he is the sweetest cuddle bug and very obedient. However, there have been multiple instances where (usually men) have gotten in his space or stuck their hand out and he has snapped at them, enough to draw some blood. He doesn’t like when people come into our apartment either. We did 20 1-hour lessons with a trainer but she mostly worked on his reactivity during walks and overall obedience, which we all see improvement on. Yesterday our dog bit my uncle when I was not around (probably my fault leaving him with my mom), anyways, this seems to be the last straw for my boyfriend. He wants to put him down. I do not want to give up on him because he is so sweet with us, just gets fearful of strangers. What does anyone here think we should do?"
766,DogAdvice,Is my dog (black and white spot) enjoying daycare?,
767,DogAdvice,Old age,Dogs getting colder with old age she will be 13 next year is it animal abuse to give her a t shirt or jumper ? I’ve seen people say people who dress their dogs up are animal abusers.
768,DogAdvice,Chewing Wooden furniture,"I have two dogs, a two year old lab and a one year old mastiff. When we are around they are great and cuddly and well behaved. But any time we are both at work they keep finding new wood to chew. First it was the baseboards, then the dining chair backs and today I come home to the tv stands corner all chewed up. 

I know I don’t walk them enough, but I always try to buy new toys and they destroy them in minutes. 

Is there any way to stop the furniture chewing besides just tiring them more?"
769,DogAdvice,Best life hacks for fleas,Hey folks! We've been dealing with a flea attack the last couple of weeks and I'd be curious to hear if anyone has good and perhaps lesser known hacks that have worked for them to keep the nasty critters at bay.
770,DogAdvice,My girlfriend's dog is obsessive over me to the point of concern.,"Hi everyone I hope your holiday was great. I am coming to you all because we are having an issue that I cannot find material on. 
We have been dating since July and her pup has increasingly become more obsessed with me that it went from cute to very concerning. This isn't the jump on me for 15 minutes kind of deal. She will not stop licking me or climbing in my face when I am around. My SO can walk away and she will still keep doing it.
  We have tried me ignoring her,  keeping her off the couch, no eye contact but she just gets even more anxious and obsessed. We recently have had to start putting her in her crate when I am over due to being unable to eat or have conversations anymore. 
Is there something I can do or some method to reinforce that this is not okay behavior? I am not too upset about it but I hate the stress I can see it gives my partner from not being able to relax."
771,DogAdvice,Rant: people who make blatant assumptions,"I have a pit bull boxer mix, he’s a rescue and a big baby. I’ve had him almost 10 years. I was talking to two other dog owners who both made the dumb assumption that he’s a bad dog and aggressive because he’s a pit bull. When I corrected them and said that he’s actually very sweet the man goes “oh so he was a bait dog then? That’s so sad” 

Sir you are so ignorant. He’s always been well trained and trusting. He was found on the streets, and my assumption is that either his previous owners lost a very sweet dog or they dumped him because they couldn’t have him.. or maybe he ran away because they were bad owners. But there is no evidence he was ever a “bait dog” for dog fights. No scars, no aversion to other dogs or people. Just a big snuggle bug. 

I’m not mad at this man, but I’m definitely questioning his intelligence and that he seems the type to make massive assumptions.. idk where I’m going with this, I just wanted to share"
772,DogAdvice,Does anvone know what’s happening to her? She’s been coughing for 4 days straight. Over night her right eye keeps closing while her other eye is open. Third eye lid keeps closing her right eye and discharge is appearing as well. I’m literally trying my best not to freak out,
773,DogAdvice,dry patch on both tip of each ear. hair and dry skin falls off when i touch it. she doesn’t seem to itch it. i’ve been putting a balm on it do you think it needs a vet visit?,
774,DogAdvice,Worms in my dogs faeces? She was only wormed a month ago and no other droppings have worms that we can see- is this potentially really dangerous?,
775,DogAdvice,This kid loves snacks! They all go to Grandma's house to steal Puni's feed 😂,
776,DogAdvice,10 weeks old rescued puppy! Any advice which breed is him?,
777,DogAdvice,Rescue advice pls!,"So at titles says Noodles is a rescue!  *little back story the owner unfortunately died last weekend and that meant that Noodles mum and dad aswll as a bother and a sister needs a new home*  we previously had a staff names Misty she lives a happy and long life of 15y 8mths 3 days

We have had Noodles for a total of 3 days now and she is still very timid and frightened to hell, she will do stuff like get up, eat, toilet but we mustn't wach her or she just sits down and stares your down, but she's very tamed as she will let you pick her up, brush her, bath her and she does not flinch one bit! But will give you the side eye while doing it, Maybe the odd shiver but that's it, we still haven't heard one word/bark/sound out of her yet which is very strange...

Anyone had experience with a rescue? Or anyone know bit more about the cocker spaniel bread that I must know? Or does anyone know any tips or ticks to help her settle in faster/become more playful and confident?

She is a very good girl and she does pee herself on fright so it's as expected, sue does like treats but won't take from your hand or won't eat if your looking, 

happy to buy whatever need to be done to make this little fur ball more comfy.."
778,DogAdvice,"Red testes, balls have been this red every other day or so.. does lick himself sometimes but not excessively..is this normal?",
779,DogAdvice,Is this normal? His nails look almost like they are becoming hollow.,
780,DogAdvice,"[help] My 7 year old was diagnosed with Pyometra, putting her down next week, need help coping","
Hi everyone,
I’m really writing this for help on how to cope with this. My 7 year old pomeranian/poodle Nala (my first pet) ate chocolate 2 weeks ago; we took her to the vet where she was then diagnosed with diabetes and lost her eyesight the next day (we had a gofundme set up for that but didn’t raise enough money to restore her sight). Because she was vomiting from the chocolate they put her on a round of antibiotics; she was doing better with the insulin combined with antibiotics, and we took her to the vet yesterday to have a blood glucose monitor installed on her where she was then diagnosed with Pyometra. Her blood sugar is extremely high at 350+ (over what our reader can see) and the pyometra has made her resistant to insulin. For those unfamiliar, pyometra is an infection in the uterus which causes the uterus to rupture this filling the abdomen with pus (where the dog will die in less than a couple of days). We unfortunately don’t have the money for emergency pyometra surgery (ranging from $1-3k) and we’re going to have to put her down within the next week to avoid a super painful eventual death; she has a life expectancy of a couple more weeks with pyometra. I had a gofundme set up for cataract surgery to restore her eyesight, which raised around $330, and was going to use that for her urgent pyometra surgery instead but unfortunately it isn’t enough money and we won’t be able to raise enough within the next week to save her.
I just wanted to know how to cope with this. We have no option but to euthanize her and this has been extremely tough for my family and I as she is our first pet. To anyone whose pet passed away I really would like to understand the grieving process and if it’ll get any easier. It has been hard enough already and it’s only been a day since the news; I hope I had done enough for her with the gofundme and all which didn’t raise much but that was my effort. This was all very sudden as she was happy and healthy just a couple of weeks ago. I’ll be spending my last week with her doing everything she loves. Thank u guys in advance."
781,DogAdvice,Hydrolyzed protein food,"I have a 2.5 yo ACD mix who has a history of HGE. Dog had little appetite and loose stool so put him on a sensitive stomach food and daily probiotic and both seemed to improve a little bit still having bouts of HGE. Put him on Royal Canin hydrolyzed protein a couple of weeks ago and he now seems to always be hungry (which I take me mean he no longer has an upset stomach). His poop went from a little loose to really pretty dry. Not long enough to know whether HGE will reoccur m. 

Does anyone have a dog on this food with some insight? At $55/7 lbs I’m hoping we may not always need to be on this but I suspect we will. Should I be concerned about the dry stool and anyway to fix it? Was your dog ever able to have treats again or did you have to stay on a really strict diet? Any general thoughts or comments would be appreciated as well. Especially is you have more information about the cause of your dogs underlying problem. We are at a bit of a loss with my pup.

Thanks!"
782,DogAdvice,My dog tore out two of his nails.,"1. He did this trying to escape the yard. 

2. There were about two teaspoons of blood. He’s a Pomeranian.

Should I take him to the vet? I have been nursing him in a towel."
783,DogAdvice,What’s in my dogs poop?! Worms? Pieces of rope toy? What’s the coating?!,
784,DogAdvice,Dog Poop Insight Needed!,
785,DogAdvice,"My dog has injury!!! Vets are closed for thanksgiving, could anyone please let me know how can I treat him?",
786,DogAdvice,There's this weird scab on my dog's throat and he won't sit still long enough for us to get a proper look at it. It feels like matted hair but scabby and flaky. Has any other dog owners seen this on their dog? What is it?,
787,DogAdvice,What is going on with my dog???,
788,DogAdvice,Small cyst/wound on 6 year old German shepherd. Does anyone know if this is something I should take her to the vet for? She doesn’t seem to be in pain but has been licking it off and on. You normally cannot see it without moving the fur unless she has been licking the spot. More info in comments,
789,DogAdvice,Dog growling/snapping at kids,"My dogs about three years old and never had this behavior before, we’ve had him since he was about 6 weeks old.  My sister is staying is with us and has two children (3/4) and he’s snapped and growled at the youngest. We’ve caughtt them both pulling on his tail and ears and trying to take food and toys away from him, we are trying to educate the kids not to do this. He has snapped at me once but he was asleep and I believe I scared him when I woke him up but I can pick up his toys or really mess with him without any problem.  I don’t want anything to happen to the children, am I going to have to get rid of my baby or is there hope? Any advise/experiences would be appreciated. Thanks"
790,DogAdvice,Shaved down a matted/pelted dog at work and saw this. What is this embedded in the dogs skin? A little puss came out of it too.,
791,DogAdvice,Separation anxiety,"Anyone have advice for a 6 month old puppy who has some separation anxiety. She is fully crate trained and is fine when crated, whether I am home or go out, but if not in her crate and I leave the room she gets anxiety:  cries, paces, almost panicked, even if someone else is still in the room with her. Only had her for 1 month so we’re working on basic obedience still (sit, stay, come, etc). What do we do? Help!"
792,DogAdvice,How to enrich my working/field golden retriever?,"  Howdy. 

I'm a brand new owner of a now 3 month old ""field line"" golden retriever. We are not hunters, just didn't realize goldens..were actually working dogs. Silly me. 

Anyway, I'm not gonna just force her to be a dog she isn't and it's clear already that she has some kind of prey drive or wants to go get birds. We got her from breeders that are hunters, and breed/train for huntin' dogs. 


So I'm wondering what kind of games/tasks are enriching for my ginger. Obviously fetch is a hit.. and I will be getting her a flirt pole. 

Is there anything else I can do to stimulate her retriever brain besides becoming an actual fowl hunter? Lol

Also, she loves to dig. The snuffle mats on Amazon seem lame, I tried one for my 2yo bichon and I just can't see how it's made for digging or even nose work. 



Should I be getting her toys that looks like birds? What do you think are some training/tasks techniques hunters use that I could use?"
793,DogAdvice,"My dog today fell from the stairs and broke her leg. Looking for advice from people who experienced the same, on walks, baths, etc. Took her to the vet as soon as it happened and now we're waiting to get the x-rays done to be able to do surgery",
794,DogAdvice,Fecal Incontinence Trouble,"My elderly Chihuahua-Dachshund mix (15-16 years old) has struggled with fecal incontinence for about four months now, and we’ve tried about everything. A basket for him to sleep in? He crawls out. Diapers? He crawls out. Different types of foods, stool helping (?) foods? Nothing!! We’re getting really, really tired of how much crap we clean up on a day-to-day basis.

We’re now thinking about putting him on a medicine that’s supposed to help with the anal muscles called Loperamide. This was one of two last options, the other being surgery and since he’s so old I’m a bit scared of doing that. He’s completely healthy otherwise, and is very happy, but we don’t know what to do.

Before we do this, is there ANYTHING else we might be able to do? We love this dog but it’s getting really tough to deal with this problem."
795,DogAdvice,"On family vacation, dog is in pain or overwhelmed?","We are on family vacation in NYC for these few days-we are from DC so I didn’t anticipate too much of being overwhelmed as much or surprised by the city environment for my dog. She snarled and snapped at me more than once this morning-in the hotel room and when we were out at the parade. She’s a service dog who is 3.5 and normally beyond well behaved so of course I freaked out and cried when she did it. It seems like maybe she’s in pain because she was only doing it to me but my sister started to pet her on her head and she did a little growl (same thing that preceded her snarling earlier). And then after, she was super cuddly-not like put off by my presence. I’ve contacted her vet and made an appt for Monday, but how do I treat this or help her? I’ve been overwhelmed about it just because I don’t feel equipped to help her here, away from home."
796,DogAdvice,She does this little twitch after taking her sedatives. Are they are tiny hiccups? They go away after 15 mins or so.,
797,DogAdvice,Dog stye eye?,Just found this on my little pup’s eye - anyone know if this is a stye?
798,DogAdvice,Say Hello to my Babies!! Both males. 🐾,
799,DogAdvice,Breed recommendations for someone with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome?,"Hi everyone, 

I have been considering getting a dog for a long time and ultimately decided to move forward with it because I think it will be beneficial for my health. 

I have CFS, which impacts my health greatly. I’m often drained on energy and it’s often difficult to get out of bed. I do have some good days where I’m able to get outside for a light walk. 

With that being said, I am looking for a breed that does well with my condition. One that will relax with me when not feeling well, but happy to go out on a walk when I can. Additionally, I want a breed that is known not to bark a lot and also doesn’t shed. Size range around 20-40lbs.

A dog that greatly interests me is a welsh terrier. Although I’m not sure if they are too active? I’ve always loved Airedale terriers and this is just a smaller version of them. 

If anyone has any recommendations I would be so thankful!"
800,DogAdvice,Can anyone help identify what is happening with my dog??,He's been really restless and bobbing his head like that. Could it me tremors/neurological or maybe anxiety attack. He is an anxious dog. Or could he have ingested something.  Yes I am going to the vets I'm trying to find a 24 hour one in Melbourne. Any help would be appreciated also. Thankyou.
801,DogAdvice,This kind of discharge has been leaking from the tail area (I tried to look for any abnormalities but she got agitated) of my parents 15 year old female dog. It started earlier tody. Anyone had a similar experience?,
802,DogAdvice,My dog and food,"My dog, the past two days, wouldn't eat. My parents put wet food and dry food, with some sausage and egg to intice her. We even put her food in one of the same bowls we eat out of because we had a problem before where she wouldn't eat.
This morning I heated up some chorizo to get the oil out of it and tore it up, got some sausage and tore it up and then put in her usual dry and wet food and mixed it all together, she's just eaten almost all of it.
But she has always had a tendancy to get bits of food put of her bowl and take it like 3 feet away and drop it- after that sometimes she eats it and sometimes she just leaves it there and it never gets eaten. At first I though she was getting the big bits out if she could and eating them, but she doesn't seem to be doing that half the time.
What's wrong with my dog 😭"
803,DogAdvice,Gave an STD to my dog?,Hello. So the thing is that while I was doing my laundry my dog picked up a thong and she bit and licked the underwear that I had used the afternoon before (this happened in the morning) and I have been worried ever since that now my dog could have contracted an STD from me because my thong had discharge. I dont know for sure that I have an STD but what If I have one? I know that this is probably the most stupid question but I have only had my dog for 2 months so I pretty much know nothing. Thank you so much.
804,DogAdvice,How long did it take your dog when it was a puppy to learn that you’re not coming to them when they cry in their crate all night? How many weeks/months did it take before they started just going to sleep instead of barking for a few hours?,"She’s on month 5 so still young but just wondering how long it took some of you. 
We tire her out and practice crate comfort training and her bathroom schedule has her go fully just before bed but she still barks non stop for like 2 hours after I leave the room. A few times that has extended to 3-4 hours. I can’t go in the room while she’s doing it or she’ll learn that it summons me but she also doesn’t stop for long enough for me to go in during a quiet moment to show her that silence gets my attention. The pause between barks is only as long as it takes her to gather another breath for her next volley of barks. Like 1 second max.
I feel like a prisoner in my home because I have to tiptoe around, can’t even flush a toilet or grab water in the night. I can’t go on that floor of my home at all or i’ll trigger another hour or two of barking. I don’t work due to an injury so all my time while she finally sleeps is at home too scared to turn over in bed in case  the bed creaks and she hears it."
805,DogAdvice,Are these just scratches on my dog’s eyelid and chin? Should I take him to the vet?,
806,DogAdvice,5 year old dog behaviour advice,"I’ll keep it short. We’ve had our dog since he was 6 months old and he always had a timid anxious personality. However I’ve noticed when I’m home (female owner) he’s super clingy and anxious with me like can’t be away from me, always staring at or laying on me, can’t relax and avoids my husband even though my husband has always been good to him. When my husband is alone with him my dog just sleeps and chills. Then when we have him at other people’s homes (that he knows well) he’s completely relaxed and plays and if they babysit him he’s totally fine it’s the same thing he is completely relaxed and a normal dog. So why does being around me make him super anxious and clingy, I don’t understand. 

TIA"
807,DogAdvice,Our 1.5 year old mini Aussie-doodle has been licking at her paw. We’ve been keeping the cone on her for 4 days now and washing the paw. Anything else we can do or insight into what could be the cause?,
808,DogAdvice,What to do..,"Hey! I’ve been considering getting a puppy in the future, and I’m not sure what to do. I have school full time and my dad has work full time. How do we have a puppy without having a dog walker, doggy daycare, or someone to check in on the puppy?

Any advice besides “just don’t get a puppy”?"
809,DogAdvice,"small, senior adoptee yawning","Hi all.

Not too long ago I adopted a senior.  A tiny chi-minpin-whoknoes mix.  15 and blind, not very human-focused when I got her.  Over the last couple months she's changed a lot, for the better.  She's relaxed, affectionate and even playful.

Before her the smallest dog I'd ever owned was 80 lbs +.  Most of her behaviors I think I'm doing fine reading, except for her yawning. 

She will find me and sit at my feet, and sometimes paw at my leg to be picked up.  Often when I do pick her up, she will yawn multiple times when I start petting her.  When I set her down again, she'll do the ""shake off"" stress thing.

 I'm used to multiple or out-of-context yawns being a sign of stress.  She's older and has had a rough time of it (multiple homes etc etc). Just want to make sure it's not her being stressed or uncomfortable."
810,DogAdvice,"Sensitive dark spot by her lady bits; what is it? Not a tick, I checked, but she growls if it gets touched or anyone goes near it. grandma doesn’t wanna take her to the vet thinks it’s nothing",
811,DogAdvice,"Please help - just left vet but so scared, my dog can barely move","
I desperately need help. 
I have a 3 year old Aussie who has been having difficulty standing up from laying down for a few months. If I’m being honest I thought he maybe ran or played too hard and that it would pass. He was his normal self besides the struggle to get up, he was still eating and would play with me. Before all of this, I would come home he would be SO excited and jump up on me. Well now, I noticed he stopped jumping up on my bed, stopped jumping on me and barely shows excitement, and is still having major difficulty getting off the ground. Cut to now, he can barely get up, he sits slowly and oddly, he’s very slow when walking, and has no interest in fetch or playing. He seems absolutely exhausted and down, and never wants to get up. Nothing gets him excited and I can tell he is struggling so badly with something or in a lot of pain. I’ve been thinking it was maybe arthritis or something similar. However he’s been to the vet (for allergies) during the time this has been happening and all of his tests and exams were normal. 

My pup has been with my mom who he stays with a lot and adores, and I just got home to see the obvious worsening of whatever is going on. Nothing has changed with his diet or routine except eating less. I immediately notice tonight that he is NOT well and rush him to the ER. You would think he was a very very old dog the way he moves and he was sitting very oddly with both legs pushed to the side. He could also barely get in my car which he never had issues jumping into. 

I explain this in way more detail to the vet. I tell her he is not hisself whatsoever and that I’ve never seen him like this. She checked him out from head to toe and my dog didn’t express any pain in her checks of his body. I told her that he cried today when I was trying to examine his paws and she said he didn’t do that. Basically she said we can do a full body X-ray that would be absurdly expensive, or I go to an orthopedic specialist. I absolutely do not have 1500 to spare for X-rays, especially if that doesn’t show us what we’re looking for. I’m sobbing because seeing him like this is breaking my heart and I may have to find a way to do the X-rays asap because it’s eating me up inside. 

If this sounds remotely relatable to anyone, would you go the X-ray route first? Or maybe other testing? I do not know what to do or where to start especially knowing how expensive all of this will be. I really need some help or peace of mind. 💔"
812,DogAdvice,Dog acting weird and peeing inside?,"Okay so my German shepherd 1y/o was neutered two weeks ago and is still all cone'd up. He's on cone duty another week because he opened the wound a tiny bit the other day (Vet said it was fine, barely opened at all just enough to bleed a teeny bit, gave us antibiotics just in case). Now, we haven't gotten to play very much because he's only interested in playtime that involves running around and getting chased. He comes outside with me whenever I smoke (every hour or so) and we're out there 10, 15 minutes maybe, and he usually does his business then if he needs to. I've seen him hold it nearly an entire day (when we first got him a couple months ago, he was shy in the new home) too so I know he can.

Tonight I found a big ol' dump in the hallway. Like, so big you'd think a human left it there after hitting a buffet. After cleaning, he and I play fetch inside for a bit, since he's mostly healed. I discover a pee puddle that he must've left as a surprise for me earlier. I clean it up and close him out of the room while I do so. When I come out into the hallway guess who's standing over a nice fresh huge NEW puddle of pee? I can understand puddle #2 since he was all excited and I cut him off from playtime abruptly so he might not have been able to control myself, but with the pattern he established over the last few hours it has me concerned.

I also have a couple fish tanks sitting outside full of water to test they won't break. It's cold out, and they're covered in condensation. When I took him out with me like 20 minutes ago, he started nudging and rubbing his nose up against the side of one of the tanks and sort of stumbling side to side. I don't know what he was doing, he wasn't licking it. He might've been trying to check out a bug he saw or something, which would explain a lot because he might've just been stumbling trying to get closer to the bug with the cone in the way, but at the same time what if it's not that, you know? He's being good right now and sleeping in his favorite chair. 

Anyone have any ideas on why? Maybe he's just sick of the lack of stimulation since the neuter and he's acting out with the peeing/pooping inside? And the tank thing was just a bug he saw? Or could this be something more serious? We super duper can't afford to take him to the vet unless we're sure something's wrong, and he is acting normal now."
813,DogAdvice,Is this ok?,She's been reverse sneezing Ike this more frequently over the past few months.
814,DogAdvice,Is this ok?,She's been reverse sneezing Ike this more frequently over the past few months.
815,DogAdvice,Did my dog break her toe?,"We went on a rocky hike recently and then the next walk we went on she limped on that foot for only about 3 steps then has been walking, running, jumping letting me touch her leg and paw and overall seems completely unbothered. But today I noticed the small red bump and that the toe doesn’t seem to sit straight like the rest. Is it worth a trip to the vet is she seems to be acting like she is in 0 pain? Is it like when humans break a toe and there’s nothing you can do besides just slowly let it heal on its own? Or is it perhaps dislocated and needs to be reset? 
Thanks in advance!"
816,DogAdvice,Advice,"My dog that I have has never been aggressive to any dogs or anyone about his food, today we brought home a new puppy and she went towards his food and he wasn’t happy 
Is there a way to help show him it’s ok , tips, tricks on what to do?
Thank you!"
817,DogAdvice,"Urgent, need info asap","Can anybody identify what this could possibly be? When I first adopted my dog about 3-4 months ago (Staffordshire Terrier) we noticed that she had this little branch off on her paw pad and thought nothing of it because it looked like just a minor paw abnormality at first. We noticed today after being out and playing that it has started to look like this and we aren’t sure if it’s a tumor or whatever it could be. Any information would be very helpful, thank you guys for your time."
818,DogAdvice,Behavior problems with corgi,"Hello all, I've been having serious behavioral problems with my 7M pembroke welsh corgi and he has been targeting my 13M Cairn terrier. We have had both dogs since they were 2-3 months old and though my corgi has always been ""grumpy"" he has never been aggressive with the cairn terrier. My cairn terrier is a very calm old man that is incontinent but never bothered any of our other dogs, aside from occasional food aggression (only with treats.) I'm not sure what to do because he (corgi) has ripped out some of his fur. I want to take him to the vet to see if there's anything I can do but I really want to avoid euthanizing him and he was a birthday present from when I turned 15 years old. Any advice I can do about this?"
819,DogAdvice,"From a video of my dog yawning, how old would you guess he is? We’ve gotten several different opinions over the years after we adopted him. I assume teeth are the best indication of age.",
820,DogAdvice,Pink eye?,"We have a vet appointment Monday, that’s all we could get. We’re going to get some sterile eye wash that the vet recommended. Any other remedies? It doesn’t seem to be bothering him but I feel bad for my poor boy. 11 month old Schnorgi."
821,DogAdvice,Will these dogs get along?,"Sorry, this might be kind of long.  I have 2 dogs, theyre big (about 90lbs) and they've gotten along really well. I've had my male dog for about 9 years and got him at 2 months old. He's very sweet and listens. I got my female dog about 2 years ago as a rescue. We're not sure how old she is but we're guessing about 5 years old.               Since we've had her shes gotten in 2 pretty minor fights with female dogs, one was YESTERDAY, but gets along great with my male dog. 

Anyways, I'm moving in with a friend who has a male dog (same breed as mine) whos about 70lbs. I'm supposed to be taking both of my dogs into move with her and I'm scared they wont get along and something will happen.

Any advice? My best bet was to only have them around each other when we can keep an eye on them for a couple months, so I could drop my dogs off at my Mom's when I have to work.  But since this other fight just happened I dont know what to think."
822,DogAdvice,Advice on prepping apt/ doggo for a smooth post surgery recovery,"oy where to start. Just want to avoid complications or stiches ripping etc etc etc. Not exactly sure how large this will be at the moment either. So I'm just prepping now best I can. 

Ive seen surgical ""suits"" aka doggy onsies, old t shirts but  it says in comments for spay/ neuter surgeries. what about torso/ back-What would protect their insicion/ stich site ? And she hates her leash connected to a collar, and uses a harness- so alternative so that doesnt rub or harm her. 

ALSO-   what things would you get your doggy to enjoy her holiday with this surgery 5 days before xmas AND two toothie extractions.... I just feel so bad and sad for her."
823,DogAdvice,is this normal?,"my female border collie (1.5 years old) always moves in her sleep and i believe that is normal because humans do it too when we sleep. but tonight she is sleeping with her eyes open and moving like this, is this normal?"
824,DogAdvice,"I have a 2 y.o. lab mix. He enjoys all things outdoors, swimming, hiking, etc. He’s brushed, paws wiped, ears cleaned, nails trimmed, and teeth brushed very regularly. However he only gets a bath 2-3 times a year. How often should he be getting a bath?",
825,DogAdvice,I took a picture of my Koko and her pupil looks weird. She has a bit of a cherry eye but I’ve never seen her pupil look like this. Is something wrong?,
826,DogAdvice,Noticed this lil white bump on my dog Zia—infected hair follicle?,
827,DogAdvice,What’s your cure for diarrhea,"My pup is 65 lbs and eats well, however he’s had diarrhea for about 3 days now, I’m not sure what it is but there no other signs of him being uncomfortable, he still eats, no vomiting , playing normally etc. I really can’t afford ANOTHER vet trip right now. We just got  him in august and he’s already been to the emergency animal hospital 4 times already costing us over 3k already. We’ll go if we have to but I want to try home remedies first"
828,DogAdvice,List of core puppy shots?,"Hi, everyone,

I’m getting a puppy next week; she will be 8 weeks old. I’m planning to take her for her first shots two days later. It’s a mobile vet clinic in a feed store, as that’s the place she can get her vaccinations the soonest (this is a fairly rural area).

I’ve never done this before. Is it possible to over-vaccinate? I am nervous about being talked into getting more stuff than she needs at 8 weeks of age. (Plus I’m confused about 5-way shots plus/versus the standalone shots). 

I’ve Googled and searched and looked at printables, but I just need a simple list of the basic (but crucial) vaccines she needs. Can someone guide me? I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide. Thanks!"
829,DogAdvice,Possible ACL tear?,"Hey just looking for some advice, my 9yr old GSD has been limping on his rear leg since last night. He’s able to put some pressure on it but he holds it up a lot, walks with a limp in his step. I’ve tried to inspect it, theres no swelling around his knee he also doesn’t yelp/wince when I was just gently feeling his leg. I don’t know what else it could be. I’ve called a bunch of vets around me, but a bunch of them won’t take new clients or booked out for a week or more."
830,DogAdvice,"hi, my dog Gizmo woke me up at 2:30 last night looking like this (1 &amp; 2.) he looks better now, and is acting normal. does anyone know what it might be/has something similar happened to your dog?",
831,DogAdvice,Help! My sister’s toy poodle just tried to eat the neighbor’s dog.,"The good boy is a bull dog mix and didn’t even realize he was being attacked.  They were both on a leash but I was holding the toy poodle in my arms.  When I put him on the ground he got aggressive and was biting the other dog in the neck!  Due to his tiny size (4lbs), I just picked him back up.  Apologized for my ignorance. The neighbor just laughed.  There was zero damage to the bulldog.  He just seemed confused.  And he was a sweet slow puppy.  I’m so ashamed that I was handling the tiny dog so poorly.  What was the tiny idiot thinking?? Help me Cesar Milan!"
832,DogAdvice,Pet Insurance?,"I just rescued a 5 year old pit terrier. I want to establish a good relationship with a local vet and get pet insurance since something bigger in terms of care for him would be tough for me. 

Any good recommendations for the pet insurance? And good questions to call around and ask vets to see how quality they are?
Any help would be greatly appreciated thank you"
833,DogAdvice,Good idea!!! my dog loves this BAOBRO snuffle mat!! occupy her for a while and bring fun🥰🥳🥳🥳 #dogs #dogslowfeeder #snufflematfordogs,
834,DogAdvice,Do you guys know what breed Leo is??,
835,DogAdvice,Dog strange lick behaviour,"I have adopted her 3 weeks ago and she has this habit of licking or sucking on her tongue (sorry, I don't know how to better explain the behaviour or sound). 
She's a stray, mix of long-wire-haired daschund from what I manage to identify. 

She does this a lot of the time. During the day when she's on the sofa, or her bed. During the evening and the night. 
She seems healthy and without any issues on her teeth, gums, tongue, lips or mouth. 

Her foster parents from whom I took her told me that she was doing that when she was with them as well (they had her for almost 1 year)

Does anyone have any idea what this might be? 

She is not in pain or anything from what I see and I don't mind it at all. I got used to it and I'm even amused by this sometimes xD

Thank you! 

PS: she was not licking herself in the video; the clip is muted due to the background noise"
836,DogAdvice,What time should I be taking my dogs out?,"I have 3 female dogs (now 1 and a half-ish years old). We go on walks at 8-8:30AM, then at 4:30-5PM, then at 10-10:30PM. They don't pee at home or anything, but I'm worried they are holding their business in for too long, granted when we do go out they usually don't rush to go do their business or anything.

Is this schedule fine?"
837,DogAdvice,"does anyone know what breeds she could be? she’s almost 3 months, i have more photos of her on my account. her mom was about knee height and dad is unknown :D",
838,DogAdvice,Dog keeps licking this red bump in between his paws,"Update: took to the vet and they prescribed antibiotics, anti inflammatory, and anti itch. Hoping the bump and rash goes away within 2 weeks. If not, going back to get a check up"
839,DogAdvice,My Dog Spazed Out After Petting Her,"Idk what happened but here’s my dog peanut on her back asking for belly rubs and all of a sudden after I’m finished rubbing her tummy, she gets up twirls around almost chasing her tail, growls and whines while shoving her face near me. It was kind of a scary because she never does anything like that? She was just laying there then out of no where it was almost like she freaked out and was whining to me. Idk does anybody have a Clue abt this?"
840,DogAdvice,My dog got spayed and she is losing weight is that normal. She’s 1 year old I would say she has lost about 5 pounds.,She went in on November 14 and the first two days she didn’t want to eat but now she eats normal drinks water and plays. I limited her play due to the other dogs and she gets very crazy while playing but I have noticed she is looking skinny and he back spinal cord shows but not her ribs.
841,DogAdvice,Dog tail injury,"I think my dog chewed on his tail during the night,seems really itchy,I think because of allergies.I put a cone on him but the spot has seemed to get worse and I think it might be infected.is this something I can treat at home or do I need to take him to the vet?"
842,DogAdvice,Dog tooth discoloration? Noticed about a week ago and hasn’t gone away. Does this warrant a visit to the vet? No inflammation and the tooth isn’t loose either.,
843,DogAdvice,Thanksgiving Plans,"So I am wondering what to do on Thanksgiving.  I can either bring my six month old potty trained puppy, which is a real pain, or leave her at home in a gated room. I will probably be gone for 5-7 hours. She sleeps through the night for at least 7 hours. What do you think?"
844,DogAdvice,Does anyone have an idea what kind of bump this is? My puppy is 9 months old if that helps. Vet has no appointments until next week,
845,DogAdvice,What are the best tips to avoid your dog barking from the balcony.,"He has access to the full house, but when he sees another dogs walking from the balcony starts barking at him. (Not at all dogs, I still don’t understand his logic to bark or not)"
846,DogAdvice,Can I give this food for my pet as a treat? Idk much about nutrition value.. (it’s Roasted Seaweed: Nori),
847,DogAdvice,Dog excited play or aggression?,
848,DogAdvice,Seizure?,"Hi. Posting again as video didn’t upload first time. We are fostering a senior and today she did this. It lasted for around 5 minutes.  She’s also been having random episodes of heavy panting (not related to exercise, or heat).   

I called vet and sent him the video and he just said to monitor it, and if it happens again bring her in. 

Has anyone else experienced anything like this? We have fostered many dogs and have not seen this before."
849,DogAdvice,Frenchie bullies,I have  6 French bulldog babies now  2mths old  I don't  have  enough  money  to continue  taking  care  off  please  who can  help  me adopt  them please am in Atlanta Georgie
850,DogAdvice,Symptoms worsen after vet visit. Where to go from here?,"We went to the vet a few months ago for a suspected uti. She was drinking a bit more than usual and peeing more often on walks. It wasn’t anything too dramatic but just a small notice. There was 1 day she kept asking to go out which prompted the vet visit. 

Urinalysis found suspected bacteria &amp; we were given antibiotics. She toke them for 4 days until the urine culture came back negative in which I stopped. The vet said it was probably not a uti then. During this visit we also did a blood test and x rays but everything was normal except high bilirubin. 

We went back to do another blood test a week or two ago and it’s a different doctor this time (but the same clinic) who is going over the last visit. He mentions something the other vet didn’t which is my dogs urine has a pH of 9 which could indicate a uti. I opted not to do another urinalysis or urine culture because of what the other vet said and just process with blood work. It came back normal. Bilirubin levels were within range. 

These past few days, the drinking water has increased where it’s so noticeable. Few months ago even though I noticed a bit of an increase in intake of water, her pee was still yellow as usual. She generally doesn’t drink that much water anyways. Now it’s like light yellow to clear. And she’s peeing way more often on walks. She’s also gained a few pounds which the 2nd vet noticed. That may or may not be related to the uti symptoms but still something I wanted to mention. 

Idk what to do/ go from here because it seems the vet can’t really figure out what’s going on and blood tests look normal."
851,DogAdvice,Is this a skin tag on my dog? Or do I need to worry?,
852,DogAdvice,How do I know if my new puppy (8 weeks) is being aggressive or just playing with my older dog (1year),
853,DogAdvice,Will my dog be ok?,"Will my dog me ok?

Hello, so yesterday my dog was at a vet visit she was on antibiotics because she ate bad food on Sunday. Now it’s Tuesday and today she ate 2 chicken burritos they were wrapped idk how she got to them but she did. She found a way to eat them, she looks very bloated. Now I can’t afford to take her to the vet again, but can the antibiotics she’s on now work?"
854,DogAdvice,Seizure?,"Hi all. We are fostering a senior dog. This afternoon she had an episode where she was shaking her head rapidl.  It lasted for around 5 minutes.  I think she bit her tongue during it, there was a bit of blood. She was conscious and walking around the whole time. 

I did call the vet and he said to monitor her, and if it happens again they would refer to a neurologist and possibly put on meds, but I’m worried. 

Has anyone experienced this?  We have fostered many many dogs and I have not seen this."
855,DogAdvice,Introducing Cat &amp; Dog,"Next year my boyfriend and I are moving in together. I have a cat (F, Pearl) and he has a dog (M, Cudi). We are thinking about renting a townhome for a while.

Any advice for making this work? Pearl has only been around one puppy and it wasn’t a long interaction. She’s a sweet girl and gets along with other cats, but I have no idea how she’ll be with Cudi. 
Cudi is a husky and can be very territorial (as they usually are). He’s a sweet boy and also gets along with other dogs, but has not been around cats.

Any help is appreciated! Both are indoor pets."
856,DogAdvice,dog won't eat his own food,"I have a 6yo shih tzu/jack russel/Chihuahua mix who will not eat any dog food that is fed to him. I have tried multiple brands, different sizes of kibble, different meats, mixing with wet food, wet alone, etc. He will not eat it. He has absolutely no problem begging for our food or eating the cat food at any opportunity like when we sleep or leave the room. Occasionally he is bold and tries to eat the cat food in front of us. We also dog sit and he is always trying to eat their food. The funny part of that is he will eat their food but it will be the same brand(s) I've tried to feed him either past or presently.

I am pretty sure it is behavioral but I can't figure out why. He is given lots of love, affection, and is a generally well taken care of. I mentioned it to our vet before but they shrugged us off. 

Any ideas?"
857,DogAdvice,unexpected behavior from new dog?,"I have been with my 3 year-old terrier mix buddy for just over 2 weeks now. He’s a rescue dog and it’s been a great experience so far! No in-home potty accidents, no bites, hardly any barking, etc. He’s been very social/friendly with a couple friends (men and women) and my partner. 

But yesterday he acted mysteriously with a friend of mine. He would lightly growl at him, but then would immediately give him kisses after. Then, he would retreat and growl all over again. On this morning’s walk, he growled at the sight of a guy walking nearby. 
This evening, he was friendly with strangers on the walk…no growls or anything.


I’m only confused &amp; concerned because he’s been lovely with me and the few other friends he’s met over the past two weeks. Is this something to be concerned about? Was it just a mood? I’m aware that dogs tend to show their “true colors” after adjustment, but what what would you chalk this all up to?"
858,DogAdvice,atropine sulfate ophthalmic solution,"Does anyone have experience with this eye drop medication? My vet prescribed it for my dogs eye injury in addition to an antibiotic drop. Curious if folks found it helpful. It seems to make my dog keep his eye shut after it’s administered, and I guess I find this surprising. Thanks"
859,DogAdvice,Crate Advice:,"I haven't had a dog in over 16 years but I do try to keep up with what's what.

The only issue I am having is, the dog I am going to foster (my brothers) is a little growly when being out into his crate (or so I am told)

Can I safely leave anything in the crate for him to make it a more positive experience? Or is it like training and sporadically give him treats?

I think part of the problem is this dog doesn't get walked much, so I'm going to be walking him at least twice a day, for at least an hour so hopefully that'll make things a little more easy.

I'm going to get him a nice bed to go there too because it's this safe place.

Info: dog is about 8 years old. Some sort of mutt (will be doing an embark because I am curious) We THINK a chi - terrier mix. He weighs maybe all of 10 pounds."
860,DogAdvice,Nervous/skittish dog help?,"I got my dog in late 2019, wanted to make sure she had all of her important vaccines before I started major socialization (I had plans of her going EVERYWHERE with me) and then Covid happened and I already worked from home. Now I have a 3 year old skittish pandemic puppy.

I've been taking her a lot more places for the past six months or so and she's doing a bit better and is less panicky. Occasionally, she's even excited to see some of my friends and immediately letting them pet her, but if I take her to my boyfriend's place (she's been around him about a dozen times) for a couple of days, she's still nervous the entire time, wants to put off eating, will only sleep if she's on the bed at my feet, etc. She's not panicked, but definitely uncomfy. (I should add that she was excited to see him this past time for the first evening we were there, by day two, she was nervous about him and his place again.)

I've came to terms with her never being the kind of dog that is fine with strangers petting her and most people accept it when I tell them she's skittish and won't let them touch her, but I do wish I could take her on outings without needing to focus so much attention on everyone and everything that's happening at once, because while I don't think she'll bite, I also don't want to set her up for failure either.

Am I doing mostly what I can here and just have to wait/hope for her to come around to new experiences a bit more? Or is there something else I can add in that will help?

A few other notes:  
She's a Husky/GSD mix.  
She isn't at all food or toy driven, so I'm a bit more lost on how to reward good behavior."
861,DogAdvice,How can I help my parents mend the relationship between their willful dog and their curious grandson?,"My parents are both in their upper 60s and have a Soft-Coated Wheaton terrier (about 60 lbs) who is extremely willful. They have a shock collar on him, but he typically isn't deterred from bad behaviors due to inconsistent conditioning and probably sheer carelessness to just do what he wants. My 4.5 year old nephew is growing a bit scared of him, as the dog constantly barks and lurches toward him when my parents are babysitting. My nephew isn't scared when he's sitting with my parents in a chair, even if the dog is sniffing and licking his feet. The dog will constantly follow around my parents if they are carrying my nephew, sometimes jumping up to smell or lick my nephew. My nephew is at the age where he wants to run around our house with toys creating a ton of ruckus. This agitates/excites the dog. My parents have gates around the house which successfully sequester the dog and nephew. However, this usually leads to the dog watching right at the gate door (or running in between gate doors if my nephew is running around), incessantly barking until my nephew fully leaves the house.

&amp;#x200B;

I feel bad because the constant barking is stressful, but I don't know how to help my parents. While they definitely could be diligent with training my dog, a few trainers have called him ""the most willful dog they've ever seen"". I'm hoping to crowdsource some ideas on how my parents could find some peace in their home, but I also don't want my nephew to ""permanently"" have a scared dynamic with our dog. My parents would not rehome the dog. Also my sibling has a less intimidating/aggressive (but probably just as loud, more anxious) dog at home that gets along well with my nephew, so I do think there's potential for my nephew to like the dog."
862,DogAdvice,my senior foster pup might have cushings disease (i think he 100% does..),"i guess this is just a discussion, but im open to advice and if anyone knows anything about it from experience or knowledge. 
(Picture: Snoopy is the big boy, Annie is the little lady!) 

my family and i are fostering (soon to adopt) a senior beagle, he’s 11, and his name is allegedly  “Snoopy.” unfortunately we have little to no information on him, all we know is that his previous owner passed away and the family of the owner wanted to euthanize him. however, in their care, they neutered him at 10 years old. that is all we know about him. from our experience, he is VERY affectionate, he is overweight, he has severe separation anxiety, and he does not respond to his name/commands/sounds. 

we took him to VetCo (petco’s vet, we do not recommend) because we weren’t able to get him into our personal vet yet. anyways, after weeks with that vet, we finally switched and got him into our personal vet. our vet was concerned about Cushing’s disease, and the previous vet had mentioned it too.. because he checks off all the boxes on the symptoms. on top of that, he has chronic ear infections, hearing loss, a heart murmur, and a distant heartbeat (vet said that it’s hard to hear it? it sounds far away… possibly due to him panting  or obesity). we will also have to do a chest X-ray to ensure his lungs and heart are alright. 

i love this dog, he is the sweetest. we put down about $600 or more in vet bills so far, and we plan to put down more to get him tested for Cushing’s disease and X-ray. once they test him, we can get the medication to help give him a quality of life. we are also giving him CBD oil 1-2x daily to help him calm down because his anxiety. 

it just saddens me, knowing that we are going to adopt a dog who’s already a senior, and who’s life could be cut short due to a variety of different reasons. i am also sad because we have another senior beagle, Annie, who is 14 years old too. i know that beagles life expectancy is usually 12-15 years… and my heart breaks just to think about this all."
863,DogAdvice,Plz help my older dog is terrified of my new puppy,"My dog (2 years old) is scared of my new puppy (10 weeks old)
My family just got a new puppy and our older dog is scared of him. Every time the new dog comes to play with the older dog the older dog runs away in fear, every time my older dog has a toy and the puppy comes running at him the older dog drops the toy and runs.

The older dog seems to be depressed and is not eating his food like he used to and is now totally rejecting treats. We separate the dogs a lot so they can have alone time from each other and we always make the time to show the older dog love so he doesn’t feel left out or replaced

How do I get my older dog to toughen up and will my older dog be depressed forever?"
864,DogAdvice,Does anyone know what this is? I woke up &amp; my dog was bleeding everywhere. I thought her nail fell off but once I got her paw cleaned I noticed it was coming from this weird pink thing. She won’t let me touch it because it’s hurting her &amp; she’s limping.,
865,DogAdvice,"Gosh, this might not be the right place.",What do you do about others feeding your dog? Recently I let my six month old puppy go to my moms for the day while I was at work and I asked her to send a picture of him and she sent me a picture of his head in a yoghurt cup... I got pretty upset because we are training him to not care for human food or bug us what we’re eating. How to do you talk to someone who doesn’t care for the training you’re doing with your dog.
866,DogAdvice,Dog brushing routine advice.,"I brush my dogs’ teeth daily with enzyme toothpaste about an hour after the evening meal, but I’m wondering if there’s specific times of day that are best to brush their teeth?

Last thing before bed, or after a meal, or at the start of the day, or does it probably not matter?

And since I give medications right after tooth brushing, I tend to use the peanut butter meds as a treat for letting me brush. But just now I saw my girl’s teeth had peanut butter on and it made me think, am I negating the effects of tooth brushing by instantly covering the teeth in peanut butter?? XD

I can’t find specific guidelines on best times to brush, just lots of advice about how to get your dogs to accept it, which I don’t need! Any advice or thoughts welcome."
867,DogAdvice,Lung mass in Pomeranian puppy,"My mum has a 10 month old Pomeranian. She’s had a hacking type cough for a few months (usually when she gets excited). We took her to a vet who gave some medication which showed some improvement until it ran out. We took her to another vet who did a full physical and suspected a collapsed trachea but wanted to do some X-rays first. Apparently there’s a mass on her lung which she says is not cancerous (not sure what indicates that on an X-ray) but she doesn’t know what it could be so she’s going to start her on medication and see how that goes before investigating any further.

Other than the coughing she is perfectly healthy, happy and has not acted abnormal at all. She’s very cheery and super friendly, and the vet said her physical exam was perfect.

If the vet has ruled out cancer, is there anything else it could that’s life threatening? My mum is absolutely distraught and whilst I know this isn’t medical advice I’m just wondering if anyone has experienced anything similar and could shed some light?"
868,DogAdvice,Ongoing Digestive Issues,"My English Springer Spaniel Roxy (8 years old, female) has been having ongoing digestive issues for about 2 months now. We've been back and forth to the vet many times. This all started around September 25th.

It started out as painful gas. She would cry and pace for an hour to 2 hours. Eventually I'd get her to settle, put the heating pad on her belly and she would pass some really smelly farts and then just go to sleep. It was progressively becoming more frequent so we knew she needed to get into the vet. We called the vet and the first appointment was 2 weeks out. But they prescribed us a probiotic and recommended trying Beano over the counter with dinner and told us to try a bland diet of Chicken and Rice in the meantime.

Then we finally went to her appointment and got her bloodwork and a stool sample analyzed. Stool sample was normal, bloodwork only showed her Phosphate level was a little low, not really conclusive of anything. Vet prescribed a prescription diet Purina Gastro EN and said we could also use Gas X whenever she had an episode. We were slowly transitioning to the new diet and things were looking better. We only had about 3 gas episodes during the transition rather than every single night and whenever an episode was coming on we would give her Gas X and it would resolve in a half hour. So we learned how to treat it, but not what's causing it.

We scheduled an abdominal ultrasound. We lost our last dog really suddenly and wanted to be sure this wasn't something serious. Meanwhile the day before the ultrasound we had almost finished transitioning to the new diet, but suddenly she has diarrhea. So we go back to chicken and rice. She fluctuated between bouts of bad diarrhea and semi solid stool, we are now on day 4 of diarrhea. We have tried fasting for 12 hours. Then small frequent meals of chicken and rice. On day 3 we also added a spoonful of pumpkin. Probiotics in the morning, beano at night. Today we returned to the vet for repeat bloodwork and they gave us Flagyl for the diarrhea. Meanwhile my dad and I also had terrible diarrhea as well. So it's possible that it's a diarrhea bug that we all caught and is actually a separate issue from the gas..

It's a huge relief that her ultrasound was normal and didn't show a tumor or anything. But I'm also frustrated that we have no real answers for what's going on with Roxy. She's lost 7 pounds. I'm frustrated that everyone just keeps telling me to keep doing what I'm doing. I'm frustrated that I called the vet over and over and Roxy had to have diarrhea for four days before someone finally prescribed something. I'm hopeful that we can get her stable and that this is a bug and all she needed was a different diet. I love this dog so much.. I'm exhausted. I've spent so many nights up with her with either diarrhea or gas. Everytime I take her out I'm so anxious that she's gonna have more diarrhea."
869,DogAdvice,I need some help with my dog,"My dog has just turned 4 he has recently started doing his business in the house again for the first time since he was a puppy and he's also not listening to some commands that he's given, this has never been an issue until now I thing something might be wrong with him but I'm not sure I would really appreciate any help that I can get thank you"
870,DogAdvice,Spin-Cycle Overload,"We have recently adopted a second GSD from the shelter (\~2 months ago). At first, the dog (we named him Dog) was acclimating well, learning new tricks and easily house trained. Three weeks ago today, we noticed Dog start to spin while sniffing the ground (bi-directional) and let out a high pitch bark when he completed the turn (not tail chasing). This coincided with the installation of our sod grass that day as well as switching to a new food: Inukshuk. We have tried changing his food back to what he had before the switch to no avail (Orijen Original). A couple days before onset, he finished a month long regimen of Doxycycline for heartworms. Since then, and truly over the course of the first 1-2 days, the behavior has increased in frequency to nearly all day except when he is sleeping. If he goes outside, we cannot distract him from this behavior (balls/ physically trying to move him, etc), and he also pulls up clumps of grass during the spins with his mouth. We are afraid to let him outside because of the noise + destroying our new grass. Indoors, he also spins, yips, and licks the floor/drags his teeth on the flooring while spinning. Sometimes a ball will distract him indoors for a few minutes while he chews on it, but most often he will run to a ball or a toy and then spin cycle once he reaches the ball. He used to have a solid “come,” but he now ignores it while spin-cycling. His vocalizations have also increased to constant, be it whining anxiously or high-pitched yapping most hours of the day. For example, he used to be very calm/happy during a car ride, and you can see in the video I’ve attached anxious vocalizing.   


He is going to the vet next week for a blood panel + heartworm injection. We have called them a couple times about the spin-cycle, and their advice was to redirect, and we have been dedicated to doing so, but it’s nearly impossible at this point to really distract him from the spin-cycle at all, or at least distract him constantly all day. We fortunately both work from home, so we can rule out separation anxiety, and we have the capacity to work with him more than most would be able to. He does this in the crate as well, but instead of licking he digs at the pad.   


All of this is to say, we are desperate for any insights, hearing from those with similar experiences, or advice. 

Thankful for your replies!"
871,DogAdvice,My collie has been vomiting three days in a row.,The past few days my dog has thrown up her breakfast. This has happened three days in a row. She’s then back to life and acting normal. Today she threw up this morning and has been fine the rest of the day and has now thrown up this evening too. I’m not sure what this could be as it’s very unlike her? I’m going to call the vet in the morning. Does anyone have any advice on what this could be or what I should do.
872,DogAdvice,Which Dog Breed Is Right For You?,
873,DogAdvice,Dog often has upset stomach only in the morning.,"My dog has gurgling sounds in the morning and is often not hungry. Today he was also sitting down a lot and wouldn’t want to go on his walk. He is eating the freeze dried raw nuggets on his meal but won’t touch his kibble. He has a bunch of food allergies, poultry, dairy, beef, duck, turkey and lamb so I give him a venison based kibble and pork based freeze dried topper. Do you think he could be allergic to venison also since he is okay eating pork based freeze dried food and I haven’t seen him poop yet so don’t know about that but it happens frequently that his stomach makes weird noises in the morning and he is often not hungry. We’ve done all tests and haven’t found anything, will get a referral for internal medicine specialist moving forward but any tips"
874,DogAdvice,can I take my dog to hospital,my boy accidentally broke he's nail while chasing cat what should I do? pls help :(
875,DogAdvice,Is this “whale eye”? 😞 was one of my favorite pictures of me and my dog and I’m just now noticing this.,
876,DogAdvice,What is this bald patch on my 1 year old dog?,
877,DogAdvice,My dog has HGE,"Hey everyone, 

My small dog has HGE. I found out earlier yesterday when he came back from being outside and big drops of blood trailed behind him on the sheet of my bed, I went outside to look at his stool to see if something he ate cut him a little, but his stool looked like jam and was bloody diarrhea. 
I was able to take him to the vet for an emergency appointment and his was diagnosed with HGE which can be/if fatal. He is in a fair amount of pain which is breaking my heart. 
I don’t have the money to take him into the vet again for his treatment of an overnight stay to push IV’s into his body, antibiotics. Which will cost a total of $500. I usually would be able to pay for this but ran into some personal family emergencies that wiped me out. 
I am asking if anyone has any ideas and tips on keeping him comfortable and as healthy as I can until I get paid on the 1st. 

Thank you for any advice given to me. I just want to make him feel as comfortable as possible until the 1st"
878,DogAdvice,My dog (2 years old) is scared of my new puppy (10 weeks old),"My family just got a new puppy and our older dog is scared of him. Every time the new dog comes to play with the older dog the older dog runs away in fear, every time my older dog has a toy and the puppy comes running at him the older dog drops the toy and runs. 

The older dog seems to be depressed and is not eating his food like he used to and is now totally rejecting treats. We separate the dogs a lot so they can have alone time from each other and we always make the time to show the older dog love so he doesn’t feel left out or replaced 

How do I get my older dog to toughen up and will my older dog be depressed forever?"
879,DogAdvice,my dog loves chewing the ends of this toy. can anyone reccommend something similiar?,
880,DogAdvice,3yo Boston pooping in house,"My 3yo Boston Terrier is pooping in my in-laws house. The thing is, he does NOT do this anywhere else. Not at my house, not at my parents house, not at the cottage, at work, etc. It only happens when my in-laws are dog sitting him (which is every day - they watch him while I am at work). He only goes poo right by the front door. Nowhere else in the house. There are bells by all of the doors that he *knows* to press when he wants to go out for potty time (all of them have been tested and are fully functional). I'm at a loss on how to stop this behavior. When this first started happening I scheduled an appointment with the vet. She said there is nothing physically wrong with him and she doesn't have a clue why he's doing this. 

Advice? Recommendations on products to stop this? "
881,DogAdvice,What are these small bugs crawling around my dogs butt?,
882,DogAdvice,"my dog ""coughs"" after our long, fast walks. Only when we get home. sometimes she'll even throw up a little. It worries me, does anyone know what it could be? my theory is in post","You know when you're running and suddenly stop and become nauseous/throw up? I wonder if that's what's going on with her. I've tried slow walking for the last half mile of our walk and the ""coughing"" still happens. She doesn't cough while walking, only when we get home from the walk. The vet is expensive but is this worth it to bring her in for?"
883,DogAdvice,How to get a dog used to wearing booties?,"Hi all. Sorry if this isn't the correct place to ask! I'd like to get my dog booties for the winter since he loves to go on walks. With all the loose gravel and salt laying on the road, I'd like to get him booties to help protect his paws and so they don't get too cold when in the snow. But I have a feeling he's going to hate having them on lol. Any suggestions/experiences with getting a dog used to wearing them, or is it better to just go bare paw?"
884,DogAdvice,Deter my dog from jumping on couches,"I have a very stubborn shepherd that is really hard to train and she always jump and the couches and she’s like crazy. 

Any tip on spray or mixtures in order to get her NOT to sit on the furniture ? Ty"
885,DogAdvice,"My Dog injured her Paw pad, info in comments",
886,DogAdvice,Dog extra clingy,"We are a family of 7 people. My dog is very attached to my father in law and usually stays with him. We recently had a shirt 1 day trip leaving my father in law and him behind. Ever since we came back, he is not leaving my side for a minute. He just wants to be with me all the time, he needs all my attention, wants to sleep on my bed. He does not even want my husband to sleep with us. Should I be concerned about this? He has never shown such affection to anyone before. For reference, he has anxiety issues."
887,DogAdvice,So you guys know what this is,
888,DogAdvice,What are some better alternative treats for my dog?,"We have been feeding my dog a couple of good lovin treats, the pinks ears, maple ham bone, and rawhide rolls. We haven't had any problems, thankfully, but i have been seeing some stuff online saying that this selection of treats is bad, in specific the rawhide and ham bones. I was already aware that rawhide was bad for dogs, but as it said 100 percent digestible I just assumed it was made of something else with the rawhide part simply being a marketing ploy.  We have decided to stop giving him the ham bones since those are dangerous, but i was just wondering if the rawhide rolls are also bad? I have seen a couple of different companies do the same thing of saying something is 100 percent digestible rawhide such as better belly, are these claims legitimate or should i just switch to no hide? Sorry for how many questions there are, I'm kinda freaking out cause i dont want my dog to get sick LOL"
889,DogAdvice,My dog likes outside more than inside,"Obviously my dog is an outside dog. but she has separation anxiety, so she will bark when she wants attention. I train and get her tired and she barely barks during the day until its time to eat dinner. she sometimes wants it early it seems. Thats not the problem though, she is quieter than the other dogs in our neighborhood that are around us and the most behaved big/medium dog on leash.

problem: she likes being outside more than in her crate at night.

explain: when it was warmer i'd have to pet her and then she'd get up to come in and be just fine during the night in her kennel, i dont force her in, she just walks into it with guidence.

now that its cold, we obviously dont want her to freeze outside. she has a dog enclosure she can safely be in with access always to water, a bed, and an igloo. when we bring her in for the night, she goes in as usual and then after a few moments of letting us sleep she starts whinning and barking. at first you'd think ""she just needs water"" or ""she needs a potty break."" well we did both of those, she didnt take the water (when she was a pup she tended to have water at night when she barked which is why i trued it this time) and she went pee. we bring her back in and then a few minutes later she is barking again. we eventually put her outside in the doggy pen and she goes right to sleep on her outside bed, then she wakes up whinning a bit (i assume she forgot it was cold outside til she woke up) and then she goes into her kennel and sleeps the rest of the night perfectly fine.

if we have an anxiety collar from the vet on her, she is better at night inside.

we dont want her to be cold outside. so we prefer her to be inside, but in the last 2 days, she prefers outside. we are working on getting a heating dog bed for her so she isnt cold but it would be nice to know is warmer inside.

her anxiety collar lasts 1 month so after that we have to schedule another, in between those days we dont want to be kept up all night trying to calm her down.

clarify: We do NOT want her outside in the cold. *she* chooses it.

anything we could do?

note: she is 8 yrs old, a Rottweiler, and she has had past seizures due to a mold allergy (affected us too. we moved since then) so the vet said we gotta be careful of the anxiety meds. she had us try some and it gave her a seizure so we stopped and the anxiety collar works great, no seizures."
890,DogAdvice,Dog keeps licking this red bump in between his paws,
891,DogAdvice,"New rescue and old pup-bonding? We’ve had our rescue for 2 weeks, poor guy hasn’t napped the whole time until the last two days where they both curl up on me like this… not quite touching yet but close! Here is to what I hope is a lifetime friendship between them!",
892,DogAdvice,Is this something I should worry about I touched it doesn’t seem to hurt,
893,DogAdvice,Advice on how to quickly settle a dog into moving homes?,
894,DogAdvice,Belgian Malinois/m/5yrs/71lbs,
895,DogAdvice,extremely dominant and aggressive dog,"Hello, I hope someone can help me or give me some advice.. 

I try to make it short and sum everything up.  

My dog is extremely dominant towards other dogs and horribly territorial, I really think that this is an extreme case. I adopted him over a year ago , he‘s 2 years old , castrated and 17 pounds (tiny) , don‘t know his breed, he‘s a mix, but really really beautiful and cute and looks like an angel actually but if he gets angry, he turns into a devil. 

The first months were horrible, he became more and more reactive, went totally crazy when we came close to other dogs, he barked at everything and got aggressive towards me in those moments of rage. I was so so desperate, we live in the city and there are so many dogs here, it was impossible to avoid them completely. Going on a walk with him was horrible, at home I spent my time watching videos and reading stuff etc, I was so exhausted.. i couldn‘t afford a dog trainer or anything so I had to do it on my own, I tried several stuff from counter conditioning, worked a lot with treats, in the end I did a mixture of everything and it got better with time.. 

so now I can go on a walk with him and actually enjoy it (at least most of the time). He gets alonh well with little dogs , females in general , he‘s extremely dominant though and also insecure, sometimes even anxious towards little dogs which is absurd, because when he see‘s a bigger male dog (not castrated worst case) he gets totally wild and its difficult for me to control him. 
In most cases I can handle him very well but there is particularly one dog which is his hate object nr 1 and he becomes this evil rage machine , it‘s really scary actually. I can‘t call it aggression because it doesn‘t describe it at all. In that state I cannot do much. I tell him to STOP It, try to make him sit, making eye contact , which works with other dogs that he doesn’t like but not with his hate objects (that one dog and especially huskies) Even when the dog is not in sight anymore he marks the ground like crazy , growling at the same time, raised hair from neck to tail… 

today we had this encounter in the morning, he went wild, I tried but couldn‘t control him, he bit me in the leg. I was so angry and so sad because I thought that we passed that shit already, it was a huge relapse. most people find it funny when he gets angry because he‘s little and cute , he always has this beauty bonus. In the first months I always tried to find excuses for this behaviour(he‘s traumatized etc , he was abandoned) but I think it‘s his extremely dominant attitude which has nothing to do with the past. On the other hand he‘s the cutest dog, he really is. 

What is really concerning for me is the level of rage and aggression , he goes from 0 to 10000, it also happened that he got along well with a dog and all of a sudden he got mad and attacked the other dog without any warning. He’s so unpredictable and I’m afraid that he could seriously harm another dog. Of course other owners find it funny because “cute little dog gets angry“ “don‘t worry, it‘s ok“.. no it‘s not. another big problem is the vet. We were three (!!!) people trying to control and hold him for one vaccine. I don‘t know what happens if he gets ill and needs treatment … even the vets said it to me “this is not normal. We have seen extrem cases of nervous and anxious dogs at the vet.“ 

I tried to get him used to a muzzle, we trained that but he gets paralized as soon as he wears it, he wouldn‘t move .. i don‘t think that wearing a muzzle is the solution, I wish it was. He also rejects any kind of collar, he turns into a depressed thing, he only wears a harness for walks. Don‘t know what he went through and why he hates other dogs so much. 
At home he‘s cute and I‘m happy with him, he sleeps at his place, no begging at the table (of course he tries but he goes back to his place when I tell him) , no destruction or aggression problems, he waits for my commando to start eating , no extrem barking only when excited for something.. one vet said to me that I should not give him affection, no petting, no cuddling, only one place for him, all rooms forbidden, basically only nos nos nos.. i mean, this is not the solution right? We have rules, like I wrote above, but I don‘t think that something would change for the better if I stopped petting him. 

I hope this wasn‘t too much.. it would be nice to hear other experiences , maybe someone knows something, I would appreciate that alot! Thank you!!"
896,DogAdvice,"Hiccups for hours, vomits sometimes","Three year old hound. Every other day, he gets hiccups and sometimes vomits. Not sure, but vomiting may stop hiccups.

Any idea why, what to look for, and other general advice?"
897,DogAdvice,Puppy got her shots and now the bottom of her tail/back is bothering her A LOT. Is this just normal post shots?,"13 week old puppy got her second round and now she cries every time I pick her up or try and pet her. The sensitive area seems to be the bottom of her tail. Should I be concerned? Or is it just normal for her to have some tenderness around there after shots? I thought it would be more her hip than her tail. Was thinking about calling the vet in the morning but wanted to see if anybody else has had a similar thing with their dog. 

Another slight concern, she isn’t crazy about her food. All my puppies in the past have been food crazy and she just eats however much she wants (less than the bag suggests) and then walks away from it. She’s a healthy weight and is growing fast. Just curious if this is concerning or a good sign that she only eats if she’s hungry."
898,DogAdvice,Growths on toes ( more in comments),
899,DogAdvice,Watching a second dog for the holiday - Any Tips?,"Hi folks -- I'm watching a friend's dog for the week. My 1-year old pup and this 6-year old pup have met and socialized a few times (one at my place, a couple of times at theirs, and once out on a ""family hike"") and while they have different energy levels have played a bit and everything has been okay. However, I'd still like folks' tips/advice on how to make sure the week goes as smoothly as possible. I don't have guests over a ton, and though neither dog has shown any hint of being territorial, my pup is a little bit of an attention hog (in particular hogging any dog/human third party attention)."
900,DogAdvice,My dog is acting anxious about being inside because of flies?,"I have a 10 year old lab/husky mix who has always been a very… emotional, dog.  He picks up on vibes, gets depressed if it’s not a nice day out, extra anxious with loud noises, etc.  However recently he’s been acting like he’s afraid to be inside.  At first we thought it was because his ear was bothering him but we’ve cleaned his ear up now and he’s still acting like this.  Then when he sees a fly he jumps up and runs off when it didn’t even really fly near him.  Flies have been getting in the house a lot lately but it’s getting to a point with the dog where he refuses to come inside and we have to chase him around the yard to leash him and bring him in after he’s been out for so long.  He’ll tremble and have his tail tucked and we can’t figure out how to calm him because we’re not even 100% sure it or the flies causing this reaction.  He isn’t afraid of them when he’s outside and they buzz around him but inside is different for some reason.  I just don’t know if maybe it’s the flies or if something else medically is going on with him maybe?  And then if it is the flies I don’t know how to calm him.
We just don’t know what to do and are really worried"
901,DogAdvice,Spot appeared 10 days ago and is getting bigger.,This is a 75 lb neutered female lab. She doesn’t seem to notice this spot. It first appeared as the hair slightly lighter in color but now the hair is much lighter and very course. The skin underneath looks darker than the surrounding area. Anyone have an idea what this might be?
902,DogAdvice,Small white lump on dogs paw pad feels like a little pimple,
903,DogAdvice,Hard lump under skin of my 8 month old Great Pyrenees,Hi! New dog owner here. Got my 8 month old male GP about 2 months ago. He is an outside working dog on a farm. Today I noticed while petting him a hard lump about the size and shape of a lipstick tube on his left shoulder blade. I've never noticed it before and I spend a lot of time out there with him petting him. At first I thought it was a bone protruding but nothing similar on the other side. I pressed hard on it and he did not react so it doesn't seem like it is causing him pain but I am concerned about him. He is not limping or anything and is eating and drinking and acting normal. Any advice on what it could be?
904,DogAdvice,"Dog ate paper muffin wrapper 1.5 days ago, seems fine but hasn’t passed it.","Advice needed- our 20 pound Westie ate a banana nut muffin wrapper Sunday morning (1.5 days ago). We have been monitoring her and she’s her normal self. She pooped yesterday evening and this morning and both were normal. Her appetite has been good.

Overnight she did throw up a little in her crate which she does from time to time (tends to randomly eat things on our back patio) and she did not poop yet this evening.

Is she ok if it doesn’t pass? Is it possible it is dissolving? It was just a standard paper wrapper on the muffin. We are supposed to travel for thanksgiving tomorrow and she is supposed to be at her daycare place for the week.  Not sure of what to do here."
905,DogAdvice,3yo female was spayed 16 days ago. does her wound look ok? she is booked into the vets for tomorrow as she seems to still be in pain but I'm not sure if it's the spay or something else...,
906,DogAdvice,Came home and realized my dog has the really big mark under his eye that appears to be a scratch any idea what this may be?,
907,DogAdvice,"The dog has been vomiting whole food for two days, is it worrying? (Ate rice at lunch",
908,DogAdvice,How do I build confidence cutting black dog's nails?,"This is just after a trim, and I trim regularly. But her nails are just so black!! I feel like I don't take enough length off, but I'm terrified of hitting her quick. I know the visual 'tricks'to determine when you're close to the quick but I still feel like a ball of anxiety trying to avoid hitting it. She also just has a stupid long quick, even when she gets professionally groomed &amp; has her nails dremeled they're still pretty long. She is good about trims, it's me that has the issue."
909,DogAdvice,Leaking fluid from paws,"My 13yo boxer pit mix has some issues with swelling and fluid retention. He’s seen two different vets, one charged us $800 to tell us they don’t know what’s going on, the other said heart cancer and he would die in a few weeks. This was about a year and a half ago. Normally he swells up for about a week, then pees it all out. This time is worse, the swelling isn’t going down like it normally does. He is leaking a clear fluid from his paws, and it’s like a lot. The vet can’t get him in until next week, and I refuse to go back to the emergency vet who told us they didn’t know. I don’t know what to do for him, the person from the vets office I spoke to didn’t seem like she believed that he was actually leaking from his paws. What could it even be?"
910,DogAdvice,Adorable names for a pomeranian/spitz?,"I'm getting a little boy on Sunday and need to think of names, he's a fluff ball and looks like a teddy bear.

I like names that are very cute sounding, I'm not a huge fan of human names unless it's something that it still cute like Koda, milo or has two names in one like teddy/short for Ted.

But yeah feel free to comment name ideas for my baby 🥰"
911,DogAdvice,Do dogs always bleed when on their period?,"My stepmoms 1.5 y/o ShitPu has never bled, she’s shown other signs of being in heat though on occasions ie: licking vulva, enlarged/pinker vulva, hormonal changes like being extra needy, annoying my dog more etc.. it does all happen at the same time the only thing she’s never done is bled.  Just wondering if this is normal as my own dog was spayed when i rescued her and all previous dogs were male so im not experienced with dog periods. tia"
912,DogAdvice,Can/should I introduce my puppy to my mom’s dogs and let him out in the yard?,"I just got a puppy (my first ever pup). He is 8.5 weeks old. I have a rescue dog that is 7 (I have had him for 2.5 years). I introduced the pup and my dog just a few days ago. They have been doing well together so far, though they are always supervised of course and are separated at night or when I have to go to work.

Its important to note that my pup is working on potty training using puppy pads and hasn’t touched grass yet (or really been outside). 

I am going to my parents’ house for Thanksgiving this week. My parents have two dogs and a large fenced in yard. My pup has had his first round of puppy shots (after which I introduced him to my dog). He will be getting his second round before I go to my parents’ house. 

My questions are, should I let him outside in their fenced in yard under supervision for a short amount of time (so he can touch grass and explore some) or should I keep him in the room I’ll be staying in, in isolation? Also, should I allow him to be introduced to my parents’ dogs? All of our dogs are up to date on shots and monthly flea/tick/work medications. I just don’t want to overwhelm the little guy and since this is my first puppy I wanted to ask. TIA"
913,DogAdvice,OTC treatment for moist dermatitis in palliative dog,"Hi! 

My parents have an elderly shih tzu with heart failure, and while she's on medication for that, the plan is to let her go peacefully on her own time. Taking her to the vet upsets her so much that they just automatically refill her meds for her without visits, since the clinic doesn't do tele visits

She isn't fat but has this big fold on her butt, right above her tail, and from the smell and look of it, it seems to be moist dermatitis. While I'm visiting them, I'm gently drying the fold when I can, but I'm at a loss as to what kind of otc powder I can get for her. The vet won't prescribe anything without seeing her, I can't find anyone who will see a new patient over telehealth, and the only experience I have with this was resolved with Neo-Predef powder. 

She doesn't seem to be in pain, but I don't want it to get to the point where she is. Any advice?"
914,DogAdvice,Is this type of play friendly? The neck stuff always makes me nervous so we give them a break when that happens but would love for it to completely stop,
915,DogAdvice,"Interested in buying puppy, found out hes been taken away from mother early.","So I've had my heart set on this puppy from the moment I saw him, he's a pomchi currently 5 weeks.

Now I've been speaking to the breeders, and have found out he's been taken away from the mother early as she stopped producing milk.. I'm assuming around 4 weeks. He was given to them due to them owning the dad (the stud) which means puppy hasn't been completely alone and has had dad with him.

However, I am now very concerned.. this would be my first time owning a puppy and although I am going to do training I'm worried this may be a bad idea.

Is it likely he will have issues? He has been with dad"
916,DogAdvice,Dog ear tip is bleeding,"Hello, 

My dog (1.5 year old hound mix) has had on/off scabbing on the tip of his ear for the past few months. At first, I dismissed it as a simple nip from another dog that he plays with, but it seems to reoccur in the same location on the same ear. He is not an outdoor dog, and is up to date on all his vaccines and heartworm + tick meds. 

The spot is small, about 4-5mm across, and bleeds occasionally. When it is scabbed over, it is a hard, crystal-like feeling that is noticeable. Additionally, my dog yelps a bit if I handle the scab. 

I cleaned it up with soap and water, and got these pics: https://imgur.com/a/jqBodtL

Any ideas what this could be? And, any ideas what could help? It seems to heal and go away, only to crop up again a few months later in the same spot. 

Thanks!"
917,DogAdvice,How to start my dog in daycare?,"I have a 3 year lab/cattle dog mix. She is THE sweetest, kind, easygoing dog. However she doesn’t play fetch with any toy I tried, she doesn’t play with other toys she has, the two things she likes are dog parks (even then she is picky with the dogs there) or playing/running/walking with me. I usually walk her 3 miles a day and take her to the park for min an hour on top of that. However with winter coming up and daylight savings time, it’s now dark when we wake up and dark when I get home, I tried the dog park but there’s nobody there after sunset, and to top it off coyotes have been coming into the city and I’m scared to venture far in the dark. As it is, I can’t tire her and while she is a good girl and doesn’t destroy anything while I’m at work, I wanna make her as happy as possible and I see how full of energy she is on our walks.

So I finally caved in, did my research and found a good daycare. But I don’t know how to go about this. My dog and I have never been really apart, I occasionally ask friends to dogsit her but always at my place. She is very uncomfortable in new environments, twice we did sleepovers at a friend’s house and she was very agitated in the evening to go home, she even peed on the carpet and didn’t ‘speak to me’ the whole time. If we go on a day visit and I leave the room/house briefly (to go to the car for example) she barks and cries and tries her hardest to follow me. I know once she gets used to the daycare she’ll have a blast. As a puppy she had a lot of separation anxiety. So I don’t want to just take her to the daycare and leave her there and trigger something day 1. I don’t want her to feel abandoned. This is the primary reason I avoided daycares for the past 3 years. 

Any advice on how to go about this?"
918,DogAdvice,Dog ate wrong medicine,"My 50 pound Australian Shepard takes 37.5mg of deramaxx daily. Well this morning while feeding her her medicine, my 16 Pound Boston ran in and ate it when she dropped it. Should I be concerned about this? That is a big weight difference and I know the medicine goes by weight."
919,DogAdvice,My dog randomly stopped humping? Is this normal?,"Hi y’all! First time posting here. 

I have a 2.5 year old pug. Ever since the day we brought him home he’s “humped” normally once a day lol. He has a blanket that he likes to hump and he’s just always done it. Yes he still needs to be neutered, he’s never around other dogs but we still need to for health purposes. (I saw posts in a pug group about pugs somewhat commonly dying under anesthesia so I’m honestly just so scared.) Anyways, we went on a 4 day trip where we boarded him at the same place we always do, and he seems to do just fine there. Last time we picked him up, they told us he was humping his bed alot but this time they did not. We’ve now been back for 7 days and he has not humped his bed or blanket at all. Of course I suppose he could be doing it when I’m not home, but I’m home more often than not and he’s never seemed to desire the privacy before lol. All of his other behavior is normal (eating, peeing/pooping, playing etc) Obviously I’m not mad that this behavior has gone away, but I am worried and hoping it’s normal to just stop all of the sudden. My husband thinks I’m ridiculous for worrying but seeking some opinions. Thank you so much. 😊"
920,DogAdvice,"Looking for general tips on how to resolve a situation with a neighbor, train my dog better, and know my rights with animal control.","Hello, so I have a 30lb dog that lives in an apartment complex. He is generally sweet and well behaved but he is a territorial barker and doesn’t really understand why so many people live right outside of our house. He has never attempted to bite anyone but he can sound very scary when he barks. He will pull on the leash and bark. We have has a few run ins with the next door neighbor and us leaving at the exact same time because our doors are 2 feet apart. 

Anyways she is fed up and scared of him even though he’s never done anything- she is claiming he’s tried to bite her on multiple occasions and reporting animal control because she claims we have no control over him. In my opinion this is just a straight up lie, but I could imagine how an aggressive sounding dog that we are holding on the leash might seem like he’s “trying to bite” when he’s pulling towards you. We have introduced them in the past and he always tries to hide behind us when she gets close. 

Regardless though, I want to be a better neighbor and curb my dogs excessive barking and territorial attitude because I’m aware it’s obnoxious as hell for everyone. Currently we do some treat training where we calmly sit him down and close his mouth and give a treat when he settles down, but it is not working fast enough. I think a muzzle is probably appropriate at this point if only for us to look better as far as taking action with the situation. I don’t think her accusations are fair, but I want to do more to be on the safe side. Has anyone dealt with any situations like this?"
921,DogAdvice,What are some ways to care for dog with mast cell tumors?,"Hi all. I'm looking for advice from others who have had a dog with inoperable mast cell tumors. Back in June my dog (11) had surgery to remove one and it was a grade 3. Margins were clean and there was spread to one lymph which was also removed. Even after two different chemo medications, she's developed new tumors which aren't operable. She's not responding to chemo so we've decided to focus on her quality of life. The tumors haven't slowed her down. She still loves her walks, gets excited for dinner time, and wants to chase whatever little animals she sees in our yard. I want her to enjoy whatever time she has left. She's 11 after all. I'm working with my vet to keep her comfortable and happy. 

If you've had experience with this, what are some ways to care for a dog with this disease? My main concern is cleaning and caring for any ulcerated tumors. I know that my vet can advise me on this but I wanted to seek out advice and experiences from anyone who has gone through this.

Thank you!"
922,DogAdvice,What should I do about my dog over the holidays?,"TL;DR leave my dog at an Airbnb close by, doggie daycare, or leave him at home but he’ll be alone for longer periods of time. 


Christmas is coming up and I’m still trying to figure out what would be the best way to take care of my dog while at family gatherings. Will be going to one family function on Christmas Eve, and another on Christmas Day. They are both close to each other, but far enough from my house that we will likely be staying over at my mom’s house for the two days.



My dog is quite well behaved when visiting other people, but can’t go to the Christmas Eve gathering because they have cats, and he can’t come to the Christmas Day because my sister has pretty bad allergies and a small baby, and is also scared of Coop a bit (he’s very sweet but very big and very hairy). I could probably fight to bring him but I don’t want my sister to be uncomfortable at Christmas.



Anyway, I’m not really sure what I’m going to do with my dog. He is really good 99% of the time, but will sometimes steal something and resource guard it, so I don’t feel comfortable leaving him at a daycare. We once got a friend to watch him for a week while we were on vacation and he was so bad, that my friend was literally scared of him and we had to get a family member pick him up midweek. (Had a different friend watch him once but that friend I guess was experienced with resource guarding so was able to handle it). But it seems like he acts up when he’s with unfamiliar people in an unfamiliar place. He usually is watched by my partners family when we go away (he grew up with them in that house so they never have any trouble) but they are going to be at the Christmas Eve gathering, and will have their own thing on Christmas Day. 



My mom has offered to watch him while we are away for Christmas Eve, but then I’ll still need to find somewhere for him to go on Christmas Day. 



Options are: I have booked a dog friendly Airbnb near my mom’s house that we could bring him to so we can easily go and visit / walk him a few times that day. Im just worried he will be really stressed in an unfamiliar house by himself and destroy something (he’s hasn’t had separation anxiety at our house). 



Or we leave him at our place and just go home each night but Coop will be by himself for two full days and I don’t think that’s really fair for him. 



There are also “doggie suites” in my mom’s area, sort of like a daycare, but alone. But you have to do a consultation as well as a “doggie daycare trial”, so we’d have to get that done before the holidays start. 



Ideally, my mom’s friend lives practically next door and we could potentially leave Coop there (she has a dog as well so it’s all dog proofed), but only if she is away for Christmas because while our dogs do get along, it’s still always a risk with two dogs in the same house. But it would be so nice if we could use her house because we could pop in and out super easily throughout the day and my family loves a Christmas walk. 



Does anyone have any advice, or tips? All is appreciated !!"
923,DogAdvice,Slipped or possible ruptured disc,"Yelp of pain coupled with low and tentative mobility on Thursday, vet appointment on Friday couldn’t figure out what was wrong and we were sent home with anti inflammatory and pain meds. 
Went to emergency today as he was visibly distressed and vet immediately knew it was either a slipped or ruptured disc. Sent home with heavy pain meds and crating orders apart from toilet break every 4ish hours. 
If no improvement in 2-3 days he needs to have spinal surgery. 
I’m so scared, worried, paranoid and an emotional wreck. Has anyone been in a similar situation? Any happy stories? Please."
924,DogAdvice,My dog (11 months old) cannot swim,"So let’s start this post off by saying I haven’t had her the whole time and was born during quarentine so had never left the house, so definitely had no idea how to even attempt swimming or what a beach was, but needless to say I was in the pool one day with said dog and carrying her to the edge just to test if she knew anything about swimming (which she didn’t, but was close to steps so it didn’t matter) and I let her go but was right next to her and she was moving her front legs but not back, and just ended up sinking, so any advice on how to help her how to swim?"
925,DogAdvice,"Found a freezing pup outside, now what?","Last night around 1:30am, my friend and I found a pup wandering around outside, freezing cold, without a collar. We got her inside, fed and watered, a nice warm bath, and lots of pets and attention. She’s curled up, sleeping cozily now. 

I’ve never had a dog before… the largest animal I’ve had is a cat… and I don’t want to mess things up. So… help? 

I plan to take her to the vet tomorrow for a check up, and to see if she has one of those scanner ID chips implanted. If not, I’ll post flyers around my neighborhood to see if anyone is missing her. 

She was terrified, starving, and smelled like stale urine when we found her. And she’s got a kind of rust-colored rash under her neck where a collar should’ve been. She hasn’t really made any noise, and is incredibly sweet. She stopped shaking from fear after the bath, and even managed to have some playful tippy taps when she met my cat (who is not amused). 

No idea what breed she is… see the Imgur album below. 

Thank you for any help you lovely folks are willing to provide! 

https://imgur.com/a/4rLcS2I"
926,DogAdvice,9 year old pomchi now has a bald spot,"Hi! A few months ago I had my dog groomed, and noticed she was then scratching a bit more often, I attributed this to the shampoo, and did some treatments as she has dry skin. She got wrapped up in my shirt a few nights ago, so I started looking at her back in an attempt to detangle her, and noticed this tiny bald spot forming. She’s not scratching the affected area, but she is licking it. Behavior is normal otherwise with no issues eating or drinking. Is there anything I can do to provide her some relief and prevent her from licking the area and irritating it further?"
927,DogAdvice,"Dog paw lump from litel and white to big and red. Vet appointment scheduled, what might it be?",
928,DogAdvice,Introducing new puppy (4 mos) to my dog (5 y/o),"We brought a puppy home during the first week of November. She's a Shih Tzu who came from a kennel, before being brought to the province where we went to get her. We decided to bring our 5 y/o dog (who's a Shih Tzu too) so they can meet at a neutral place. 

At home, the puppy often bumps into our Shih Tzu, runs towards her, and signals that she wants to play. Our Shih Tzu always runs away and asks my mom to carry her away from the puppy. Sometimes she goes up to my parents' room and hides just so the puppy won't find her. Do you have any tips on how they can get along better and how we can get our Shih Tzu to warm up to the puppy?"
929,DogAdvice,"I got this from the Livestock section of my pet supply store. Biggest recommendation for a boofy doofus. It tastes bad so no licking and it is antiseptic so we don't need to worry about running to te vet over every minor cut or scratch. She does not like it, but accepts in exchange for chicken feet.",
930,DogAdvice,Doggie therapy?,"I recently adopted a dog. She’s a 4 year old boxer, bulldog mix and she’s just the sweetest dog on the planet and she’s already so comfortable in my home. She showed absolutely no signs of abuse until today. My boyfriend found a switch blade earlier that day. We we’re standing in the kitchen while he was cleaning and fixing the faulty button that would release the blade. He got it working and the blade popped out. This poor dog went from laying contently on the ground to staring and the blade. She sat and looked at it for a minute before getting up, peeing herself, then hiding behind the table. She was still staring at us while I took the knife and threw it away. I went to get paper towels to clean the pee and when I turned she had her tail tucked, licking the urine. Of course she didn’t get in trouble for doing this. I kept saying in a gentle voice “what’s wrong?” so she didn’t feel like she did something bad. She is fully house broken and has always scratched at the door when she needs to go out. I had my boyfriend lead her to another room while I cleaned so she didn’t lick it anymore. This was extremely heart breaking to see. She’s such a sweet gentle dog. It there anything I can do to help heal this poor babies traumatic past?"
931,DogAdvice,a doggie got hurt,"i dog sit at my home every now and then as a side hustle. i’ve recently started because i just moved into a home with a fenced in backyard. i have pet sitting insurance that i recently acquired as well. 
i’m watching my friends 2 dogs, 1 of which has known my dog for many years and they have played together a few times in the past. she asked me to watch her dogs while she goes out of town for holiday. 
earlier, i was supervising them in the backyard. they all have a similar energy level and play pretty rough. they were rolling around on top of each other, and suddenly one is bleeding profusely and i can’t tell from where. nothing malicious happened at all. turns out, the tip of the one dogs ear was cut, maybe from a nail or a tooth that was flailing around (like i said there was no malicious chomping action). dog ears are all veins and capillaries so the bleeding is intense and never ending. at first when i cleaned her up it was just a little nick, not even a CM long. she continued to fuss with it and shake her head every time i tried to clean it, thus opening it more, and eventually splitting it. i bought things to slow the bleeding and wrap it up, and put a cone on her. i’m taking her to the vet first thing in the morning and it’s going to cost me around $300. she’s not in any pain, seemingly, but i feel terrible. this has never happened before and it was a freak accident. i have kept the owner informed and she isn’t upset with me at all, she knows her dogs play rough and she mentioned she was surprised they hadn’t hurt each other before. 
is there anything i’m missing here that i need to do? will my pet sitting insurance reimburse me for the vet fees?"
932,DogAdvice,Dog at 3 chocholate chip cookies,Im taking her to the vet tomorrow but my mom is freaking out. Is there anything else I should do
933,DogAdvice,Four year old dog suddenly acting out?,"
We have a four year old Shiba Inu named Chai. We have had him since he was 8 weeks old, and he is generally a very good boy. Of course, being a shiba, he has his ‘quirks,’ but when it comes to training and behavior, he has been a very good boy for four years now. 

He has also usually shown to be very adaptable. We have moved a couple of times since we got him, and he has also adapted through a lot of job/routine changing. He has always readjusted extremely quickly and well, honestly he’s really a trooper. 

But, out of nowhere ( for him ), he’s starting to act out. I’d like to ask you all to keep open and understanding minds as you read this! And know that I have years of experience with dog owning and training, and I know ‘objective’ solutions for some of the issues we’re having — im just a little stressed and overwhelmed and wondering if anyone has any constructive insight!

We recently moved again, about two months ago now. And in fact, the place we moved into provides a much nicer situation for Chai. And as he usually does, he adjusted very very quickly to the new place! He was doing amazing. 

Until I started my new job, about three weeks ago. Before this, I worked a full time job, and Chai was very used to being in a crate when I was at work — my new job is no different. 

But since the very first night after starting my new job, Chai has been whining in his crate. He has /never/, truly never, done that before. Not even a couple years ago when our life was extremely unstable and we had almost no routine. Now, we are stable, and we do have routine — but Chai seems to have almost regressed? 

Since my fiancé is at home most of the time, Chai pretty much only has to be crated at night. I wait until the last possible minute before I go to bed to put him in there, giving him as much time outside of the crate as I can. He usually doesn’t go to bed til at least 1 am. I’ll even stay up later than I should just for his sake, since he suddenly hates being in there so much. He whines immediately when he goes in, and goes on for about an hour or so. And then, he whines again at like five in the morning, and continues to do so off and on until I get up. 

I’ve tried getting up to let him go potty, and then locking him back up, and he’ll keep whining, so I know that isn’t the problem. 

And again, this only started when I started working again. For the first month in the new house, he didn’t make a peep in his crate, no fuss whatsoever — which is his normal. But now he’s not only keeping himself awake with the whining, but he’s disturbing our sleep too, and I work a very mentally and physically exhausting job — needless to say, I’m definitely getting frustrated and confused. And very tired lol. 

Today, he has absolutely blown my mind with a new ‘regression.’ We use the Place command for him for when we aren’t able to supervise him — if one of us is nearby and can keep sort of an eye on him, he does as he pleases. But when we’re preoccupied and in a different part of the house, we put him on Place. Just like with his crate, he has always been an extremely good boy for years about this. He has always seemed to even enjoy the routine, he gets excited to go on Place and he loves to curl up and snooze. 

But today, he has broken Place /four/ times in a row. The first time I wrote off as a fluke, thought maybe he needed to pee, but I still put him back on Place and released him myself, let him outside for a while, and then put him back. 

A few minutes later, I heard the clicking of his claws on the floor, and I was a little flabbergasted. He really /never/ does this. I put him back on Place. 

This has happened two more times. He doesn’t seem to be attempting to do anything specific when he gets up, like he isn’t going to the door to get out, he isn’t sniffing around the kitchen like he does when he’s hungry. He’s just trotting around or lying on the couch or something aimless. 

I know I’ve rambled on, and I know, being a dog group, people will have some most likely strong, owner-attacking opinions 💚 ( I’ve worked with dogs and dog people for over ten years, and I know how dog people are — especially on the internet! ) I just ask, again, that you guys try to understand that I know my dog, I know how to work with dogs, and I know logical solutions to these problems. I’m just struggling to understand where they’re coming from. I have never ever expected a ‘perfect’ dog, there’s no such thing, and I’ve always been very understanding of the misbehaviors he has normally has throughout his life. But these new things, his very sudden crate training and place training regressions, are important things and they’re very tiring. If this were a new dog, or a dog I didn’t know, or a dog who I know has had bad experiences with these things ( etc ), it would make a lot more sense to me. But Chai has only ever known crate and place training, and if anything, those two routines have been the more consistently stable things that he knows!"
934,DogAdvice,"Painful back paws, Shiba Inu",
935,DogAdvice,Looking for the best dogs suited for an apartment! Thank you,
936,DogAdvice,I have a 12 year old diabetic pug and just need any help moving forward for his health and well being. Anything i can research or any advice is welcomed. Ive had him since he was born. I just want the rest of his days as comfortable as possible. #doglove #veterinarian #vet #foryoupage,
937,DogAdvice,What is this skin affliction? 13 y/o shitzu,
938,DogAdvice,Cyst on paw? Advice.,"- epsom salt soaking doesn’t work
- limps, but still able to walk"
939,DogAdvice,Weimaraner foot problem,
940,DogAdvice,Puppy won’t eat,"Hi guys. I have a puppy who when she was little 2-3 months would eat like her life depends on it and now at 7 months I have to beg and barter for her to finish even a quarter of her daily serving size. She’s been to the vet regularly and she’s fine, just uninterested. Does it just taste bad? Am I spoiling her too much?"
941,DogAdvice,Just need to vent,"This is Mabel. We agreed to foster her a week ago (our third dog, first time fostering). We think she was born on the streets, pregnant and delivered puppies a couple of months ago. LOVES people and other dogs. All good.

But she is extremely needy. Likes to jump on us to get attention. Regardless of what we're doing at the moment. She also playfully nips at our feet, shoes and sometimes arms. She's intense. 

The trainer suggested this wire pen and it's been pretty useful. The idea is to keep her settled in one place during times we can't play with her. She goes in willingly but whines once whatever treat we lured her in with is finished.

I feel for her and care for her, but she's EXHAUSTING. Hoping we eventually alter her behavior enough so that either we can keep her or get her placed in a loving home."
942,DogAdvice,Is it normal for a groomer to buzz the hair off the testicles? This was only my second time going to the groomer and they didn’t do this last time. They buzzed so close they look raw. Is this ok or am I right to be upset?,
943,DogAdvice,dog being aggressive ever since little sister arrived.,"we have had my rottweiler(rocky) for around 4 and a half years now and recently my little sister was born. ever since shes been in the house he hasnt taken to her at all, he always barks at her bares his teeth to her, marks on all her stuff and sometimes nips her hands when she gets too close and he even steals her food but he doesnt do that to anyone else. but today he really bit her, she was playing with her toys near the gate which he was on the other side of and one of her toys fell through, and when she tried to get it back he bit at her hand and her hand went all red and she was crying, i have never seen her cry like that unless she is seriously hurt. no skin was broken but she has never even touched him or harmed him in any way so i dont know why he would react this way, he is also rather aggressive to me sometimes when i have food in my hands and barks and growls when i am running around with my little sister and entertaining her. my mother refuses to even get him training even though he is so aggressive and untrained and i am sick of him biting me and my sister and barking every time the neighbours go out, sometimes he barks non stop all night when i have school in the morning and its starting to seriously get in ny nerves. please i just need some advice on what to do."
944,DogAdvice,Are these things I should develop a training plan for?,"I've only had experience with an extremely reactive dog so I want to make sure I'm not overkill for this pup. And learn the difference between ""eh this is a minor issue I shouldn't micromanage"" and ""this is a real issue that should be tackled proactively."" 

We go on solo walks all the time and I introduce her to other people and other dogs. She's a little nervous around dogs but LOVES people. But sometimes she'll see (not meet) one person and just decide she doesn't like them. She doesn't pull or lunge. Just a clear sort of ""stay away from me"" bark. But it's so rare. Not even once a day that I'm confused on how to handle it. It's not even the same look, race, gender or clothing that sets her off though they trend more towards elderly women. And not even the same person every time. I've kinda of just let it slide as far as training. I apologize and we'll move to the side to let that person go through. Dogs are beings too right? They're gonna just not like someone sometimes like I do. But because she locks onto that person she doesn't like, it spooks them a bit. She'll do her one warning barking and then as they walk past she'll bark a 2-3 time more if I don't redirect her. Again, no lunging or anything. I often use treats to break her attention. But is that the best option? Because I am unsure how I can decrease her random, yet infrequent reactivity and make her more comfortable.

Final thing is her ""confirmation"" barking. She's otherwise very quiet and I live in an apartment. She sleeps in the bed with me and when I give her the command to come up to the bed at night, she does a single loud bark and comes over. Like a ""okay I hear you."" or ""On my way!"" thing. I'm worried it may wake up the neighbor in the middle of the night. During the day she doesn't confirmation bark like that. I don't get it. What are your thoughts on handling that?"
945,DogAdvice,Bee sting? Spider bite?,"Two and a half year old female black lab ... phone call to her vet suggested an e-colar for a few days.

Bee sting, big bite, maybe?"
946,DogAdvice,Nee sting? Spider bite?,"Two and a half year old female black lab ... phone call to her vet suggested an e-colar for a few days.

Bee sting, maybe?"
947,DogAdvice,How do I curve this behavior,If anyone could help me curve this behavior I would really appreciate if anyone could help he charges on site but he is very friendly
948,DogAdvice,Dog is weirdly aggressive,My dog has been with us for 3 weeks he is super friendly twords people and other dogs when me or my girlfriend are around when someone walks by in the house he will charge at them and then when that person Sudues my dog he is able to pet him and he’s very friendly how do I get this behavior to stop he’s a great dog he also shakes when this happens so I know it’s a fear response
949,DogAdvice,"Abused Dog, AC Won’t Help","There is a very large family around the corner from my daughter’s house that got a large breed puppy about 6 months ago. From the day they brought the dog home, it has been locked alone in an outdoor enclosure. He/she is never taken out of this 6’x6’ enclosure. One side is chain link, and it is covered by a roof but still exposed to the elements due to the chain link side. 

My daughter and her GF tried speaking to the family there, but a language barrier prevented any meaningful dialogue, and they were eventually told to leave. They then called animal control, who came out and checked on the dog, and then told my daughter that because the dog had food, water, and shelter, and was not chained for extended periods of time that there was nothing they could do. 

I’ve walked past this poor animal while walking my daughter’s dog and it breaks my heart. He/she whines piteously and claws endlessly at the cement beneath the chain link gate. 

I have moved on to considering other options to liberate this dog. What is the right thing to do here, morally? The dog is well-fed and hydrated, it’s coat is clean and nails trimmed. However, mentally I am certain the dog is in unbearable anguish. It hurts me physically and I don’t know what to do. My daughter and her GF have started walking their dog in other parts of the neighborhood because passing this animal is too painful. 

What is the moral option here? How can I help this dog? We are in WA state if that helps."
950,DogAdvice,How to correct my dog when she charges and barks at people.," Hi  everyone. I have a two-year-old lab. She's a wonderful dog. She was a  joy to train and i feel that I have very clear lines of communication  with her. She has a very balanced temperament (even though she was a  little timid in her first year) and handles 98 percent of interactions,  both with humans and dogs, very well. She has never bitten or shown  signs of aggression in any form other than what i describe below. She  also has a pretty rock solid recall. All in all, a very well-behaved and  good-natured lab. Not untypical.

However, lately a problem has emerged and i don't really understand what causing it or what to do about it when it happens.

I  should say firstly for context that i'm from the UK and this happens  while off lead in the park. In UK parks, it's generally permitted and  understood that dogs will be off lead. There are very few dog specific  parks. The park in question is very, very large.

In  short - Very occasionally, she will charge and bark at people. I know  that she would never attack, but of course the people on the receiving  end do not. She has a pretty scary bark and when she bares her teeth I  appreciate that she could be pretty frightening. She will charge and  stop 5 feet from them, take the space, hackles up and intensely bark a  few times and then return to me. It strikes me very much as 'get away  from us!'. When it happens, she ignores her 'Stop' command (which  usually makes her stop and sit immediately) and ignores her recall  command. This usually all happens in 5 seconds or so.

I've  noticed a few common triggers - People who are concealed and then  reveal themselves, for example, from behind a tree. Also people who are  behaving erratically. Occasionally (and hugely embarrassingly) people  whose faces are covered with veils. It also happens when people have bad  energies. For example, sometime i will spot someone a little physically  intimidating or something walking towards us and even though i don't   change my behaviour or signal my nervousness to her, she picks out the  same person and barks.

I think  there is a logic to it from her perspective. It seems pretty defensive  in nature. However, in my book, this is unacceptable and there is no  excuse. Especially to ignore her stop and recall commands.

Do any of you guys have any thoughts on what this new behaviour might be about and how to best deal with it when it occurs?

Thanks so much.

(edit - Happy to answer any questions in the comments)

#"
951,DogAdvice,How to correct my dog when she charges and barks at people.," Hi  everyone. I have a two-year-old lab. She's a wonderful dog. She was a  joy to train and i feel that I have very clear lines of communication  with her. She has a very balanced temperament (even though she was a  little timid in her first year) and handles 98 percent of interactions,  both with humans and dogs, very well. She has never bitten or shown  signs of aggression in any form other than what i describe below. She  also has a pretty rock solid recall. All in all, a very well-behaved and  good-natured lab. Not untypical.

However, lately a problem has emerged and i don't really understand what causing it or what to do about it when it happens.

I  should say firstly for context that i'm from the UK and this happens  while off lead in the park. In UK parks, it's generally permitted and  understood that dogs will be off lead. There are very few dog specific  parks. The park in question is very, very large.

In  short - Very occasionally, she will charge and bark at people. I know  that she would never attack, but of course the people on the receiving  end do not. She has a pretty scary bark and when she bares her teeth I  appreciate that she could be pretty frightening. She will charge and  stop 5 feet from them, take the space, hackles up and intensely bark a  few times and then return to me. It strikes me very much as 'get away  from us!'. When it happens, she ignores her 'Stop' command (which  usually makes her stop and sit immediately) and ignores her recall  command. This usually all happens in 5 seconds or so.

I've  noticed a few common triggers - People who are concealed and then  reveal themselves, for example, from behind a tree. Also people who are  behaving erratically. Occasionally (and hugely embarrassingly) people  whose faces are covered with veils. It also happens when people have bad  energies. For example, sometime i will spot someone a little physically  intimidating or something walking towards us and even though i don't   change my behaviour or signal my nervousness to her, she picks out the  same person and barks.

I think  there is a logic to it from her perspective. It seems pretty defensive  in nature. However, in my book, this is unacceptable and there is no  excuse. Especially to ignore her stop and recall commands.

Do any of you guys have any thoughts on what this new behaviour might be about and how to best deal with it when it occurs?

Thanks so much.

(edit - Happy to answer any questions in the comments)"
952,DogAdvice,Can this be food allergies.red around mouth ?( vet on Tuesday marked already .),
953,DogAdvice,Is it normal for chihuahuas to have breathing problems?,"I had my 2yr old chihuahua checked from the vet, her cbc and xray all normal. But she constantly wheezes, reverse sneeze at night, snores, and she can't properly bark without coughing."
954,DogAdvice,"How do I tell my dog, I don't know how to help him","I don't know exactly what's wrong with him, but I can tell he's not whining for the usual reasons. He's desperate and he's doing so much to try and get me to see him. Yet it seems like no matter how much I reassure him or notice him, it doesn't take long for him to get back to his usual tricks.

He's probably in pain or has an infection and the closest vet is closed until probably tuesday? So I can't figure out exactly what's wrong.

I just hate to see him like this. He's really trying. This is a serious problem. How do I tell him that I just can't solve his problem right now?"
955,DogAdvice,Are antlers/hard bones bad for dogs teeth?,Are harder bones such as antlers or no split type bones (ex. Benebone) bad for my dogs teeth?
956,DogAdvice,Should I be socializing my 2mo and 2yo old? 2mo bites too much.,"Recently got a 2month old golden retriever, I have a 2 year old Bichon who is admittedly not socialized but is other wise very well behaved save for some of the basic commands we just never taught her. 

2 year old has never dealt with other pups besides her littermates, obviously. I don't know what her relationship was like with her mom or the backyard breeders we got her from.


2 month old comes from what seemed to be reputable breeders, they checked off most of the ""ethical breeder"" checklist. The breeder warned us that Golden is ""anti-social"" and likes to have her own space. She seemed worried we wouldn't like that and really encouraged us to get the other pup. 


Personally, I don't see any insecurity or aggressive habits in this new puppy. She is just a typical puppy with shark teeth and learning boundaries. She is quiet ""introverted"" , however, and regularly get irritated with our Bichon being too close. 


Bichon is usually high energy during playtime, darts around and wants to go hard. So for a while we had to remove *her* because she was overwhelming pup. 

Now, it's the Golden we have to keep separated from Bichon because all she wants to do is *bite*. My Bichon has completely kept a distance, sits with my husband or in another corner and is incredibly tolerant of Golden when she does get a hold of her tail or lip. 



They do want to play at times. But I feel like I can't let them because Bichon will just get bitten. It's like the first thing my Golden wants to do.. and I don't know that my Bichon has it in her to ""correct"" or teach bite inhibition because I can't let them play for longer than two seconds. 

My Bichon has actually gotten an *eye* infection because Golden always goes for the eyes.


Like, I don't think I can let them even sniff each other unless they are about to go to sleep. 

Am I hindering behavioral development and their relationship if I keep them separated at all times? My Bichon wouldn't hurt the Golden, I'm worried she'll lose an eye. 

I do try to play with Bichon separately but she is just SO obsessed with Golden that she won't play with me. 

What could I be doing wrong here? Should I just keep them separated until pup is older? 

Also, any YT videos or resources on how to acquaint new siblings and facilitate boundaries would be appreciated."
957,DogAdvice,"Picky 18 year old chihuahua not interested in food. I feel like i have tried everything. Homecooked, raw, canned, rotisserie chicken etc etc. She will eat a few bites and then isn’t interested anymore. Anyone have any advice or tips that have helped them?",
958,DogAdvice,"Does my puppy need a haircut? I’ve realized I have no idea what I’m doing grooming wise. He’s a mix but obviously has some wire haired/terrier in him, how do I care for his coat? Is his fur growing in front of his eyes annoying for him? Can I cut it or should I take him to a pro? TIA for any advice!",
959,DogAdvice,Anyone know what this spot is? Vet said it was either a bug bite or allergy. Gave us mupirocin ointment to treat but he got another spot somewhere else so just wondering what could be causing it.,
960,DogAdvice,Severe separation issues. What can I do?,
961,DogAdvice,Biting,Can puppies grow out of  biting? And how do you train them not to?
962,DogAdvice,Dog has been acting weird (Don’t be rude).,"So yesterday morning my dog poop on the floor near the door. He knows and is trained to ring this bell on the door when he has to go. Then this morning when I woke up I saw that he peed and pooped near the door.. Then while i was in the shower he peed AGAIN on his bed. This is very odd behavior, I am a little worried. He’s been eating, drinking and sleeping (acting normal). I don’t know if i’m just over thinking but i don’t know. Last night he also started this thing with his mouth, like it was something bothering him. Almost if you got a piece of food stuck in your braces. He just kept trying to get something out, moving his tongue around oddly and even tried using his paw to get “it” out. Not sure if it’s a coincidence or really something. What’s going on? Or what possibly could be going on?? Should I take him to the vet?"
963,DogAdvice,Crate trained. Winston's room..when the house gets busy.,
964,DogAdvice,Post-op amputation rescue,"Hello all. Yesterday, my wife and I brought home a foster-to-adopt rescue. She is an 8-10 month old Anatolian Shepard who is 16 days post-op single rear leg amputation. She was found as a stray and transferred to the local SPCA where they determined her rear leg injury was irreparable and required amputation at the hip. We were told that they also performed a Spay procedure prior to the amputation. They did not send us home with any pain medication for her which I found odd, as I can only imagine she is still hurting. We did get Trazedone but from my understanding, that has no pain-killing effect and only serves to keep her calm. She has displayed anywhere from mild to moderate aggression towards my wife and one of our other dogs. All were seemingly random woth no common themes as to what would cause it. My wife tried adjusting her e-collar prior to bed and she gave a defensive bark and a attempted snap. That was the worse aggression display thus far with the other being mild towards my other dog. He will be minding his own business and she will start quietly growling as if she's just annoyed he's there. She has yet to show any aggression towards me or our other, oldest dog. 
My question is, do you think this is because she is in pain still? I can only imagine so but this is our first time having any issues with an adoption or foster process."
965,DogAdvice,My Dog Isn’t Allowed Inside. It’s 47 degrees.,I don’t know what to do at this point. My dog has an igloo in the backyard but that’s not enough to keep her warm. My parents see her whining and shivering and jumping on the door/ scratching the door but they don’t care and they won’t let her inside. She’s a medium sized dog and I feel so horrible that she has to be outside in this cold weather. Is there anything I can do? I ask them if I can keep her in the garage and they even say no to that.
966,DogAdvice,"How is this walking schedule for a medium sized, lazyish dog?","4:30 am - outside to just pee/eat after

5:30 am - 30 minute walk around neighborhood

3:30 pm - outside to just pee and go to our apartment’s dog park for about 15 minutes

5:30 pm - 30 minute walk, different route from morning route usually

9:30 pm - pee outside before sleeping

He is a medium sized dog, kinda like a corgi sized. He is lazy but does like his time outside. I’m not sure if I should increase his walking time, we have been reintroducing walking to him since he had a spinal injury a month ago. Vet gave us the okay and he has been fine with his walks, just wondering if I should give him longer walks."
967,DogAdvice,My dog has a cone shaped head and neck and we cant keep her collar on,"I've tried to get a good photo of the issue. The problem is she is a healthy weight. She is a corgi mix so she is naturally thick. Her head is small and her neck is wider than her head. I would really have to choke her to keep her collar on. Im not worried about taking her outside. She wears a harness she can't escape from but i am worried that one day she will accidentally run out the front door and her collsr wont stay on and no one will be able to identify her.

I am hoping someone will be able to help me keep her in a collar. She never intentionally tries to get it ofd but every once in a while it comes off. Ill just come home and the dog will be naked."
968,DogAdvice,Christmas with a dog that loves to eat paper!,Anyone have a solution for me? I’m so scared we will spend our Christmas chasing him for wrapping paper and tissue paper!!
969,DogAdvice,"Dog just had splenectomy few days ago, are gums looking good?","&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/fad5zhmur41a1.jpg?width=3024&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=53d8c4665b02d4b2281cdb7f33acd0d241e88a69"
970,DogAdvice,Does anyone know what this red spot on dogs lip is? Doesn’t seem to hurt or bother her except she’s licking her legs a lot.,
971,DogAdvice,Questions about playing rough and neck safety,"Some context about my dog Buttercup who is the predominant cause for this post; she's a Pitbull-Boxer mix with some other stuff in there somewhere, about 6~7yrs old, and the sweetest dog ever when it comes to people, other dogs, and cats. We've had her since she was 2yrs old and she was a mommy before we adopted her.

Her favorite game is playing Tug of War, especially when you get competitive and make her fight for it and play keep away. Ever since I've started playing Tug with her, (when I was 14 and we had just gotten her) to this day, I've slowly become more and more rough and competitive when playing with her. I don't mean that as in being mean to her, but rather, making it harder for her to ""win"" and play fighting. While playing, I'll frequently shove her around, pick her up and swing her via her holding onto the toy, and get her in face growling and wrestling with her. She has never ever intentionally HURT me while playing like this, only nipped at my hand accidentally or lightly (didn't break skin or truly BITE me) when I really deserved it.

I wanted to make this post because I'm wondering if it's safe to play with her like this. Soon as we stop playing, she'll be sweet and gentle as always, and she seems to genuinely enjoy the rough housing and competition. But is there any chance playing with her like this could be teaching her to be aggressive, even when it seems like she's having fun and still sweet as always? And I'm also concerned if there's any chance giving her a tough time and doing stuff like swinging her up into the air while she holds onto the toy has any chance of causing any serious harm to her neck, teeth or spine. I love playing rough with her and me and her both seem to genuinely enjoy it, but if it might hurt her or cause her to become aggressive I'd like to tone it down.

TLDR; I play rough with my Pitbull-Boxer and she seems to have fun and remain the sweetest dog ever, but I want to ask if it's bad to do this and if it could possibly injure her."
972,DogAdvice,"PetSafe Stay &amp; Play Compact Wireless Pet Fence for Dogs &amp; Cats, Waterproof &amp; Rechargeable Receiver Collar, Covers Up to 3/4 Acre for Pets 5 lb+ from Parent Company of Invisible Fence Brand.if you want to buy this product link given in comments",
973,DogAdvice,Irritable skin in ears/groin/between paw pads. He had really bad ears at one point and had a course of steroids/food changed which helped no end. It’s crept back in though not as bad. Any recommendations? Thanks,
974,DogAdvice,puppy having accidents help!,"
So I have a 6mo puppy. Potty training of course was one of the first things I trained her . She did amazing she only had one accident in the house and by the third day of having her she was running to door when she had to go out. Now it’s like she forgot everything. she’s peed in the house (after just being let outside) she’s pooped in the house 3 times I don’t know what is going on! She just got spayed 11 days ago and is healthy. Im not sure if it is that regression age since she’s at 6 months. But please help! And it’s not every time she will still whine at the door when she needs to potty but not every time. and the times where she pooped in the house She had just went outside and didn’t give me any warning that she needed to go back out. thank you!"
975,DogAdvice,6mo pup having accidents,
976,DogAdvice,HELP. How to I patch this until we get to the vet tomorrow?,
977,DogAdvice,Has anyone used Gallant?,"If you don’t know it’s stem cell banking for your cat,dog and i think now horses. The most common approach is to use the discarded tissue from when they get spayed/neutered then the vet sends it to the company where they extract the stems cells then freeze them for use later on for health conditions that may arise. Instead of using medications to ease symptoms the stem cells may be able to repair whatever is going wrong. 

[Gallant](https://gallant.com/pricing/)"
978,DogAdvice,"My dog Kadabra is a 5 year old siberian husky. I noticed today his gums/lips look more pale than I ever remember seeing, but maybe I’ve just never noticed? He is eating and drinking normal, no vomiting or diarrhea. Do you guys think these look normal?",
979,DogAdvice,freezing bland diet?,"I’ve asked the medical coordinator a million questions already so I’m coming here first. I don’t see anything wrong with what I did but I probably should’ve asked first. 


My foster is on bland diet for diarrhea from parvo/meds so i’m doing boiled chicken and rice, absolutely no salt or seasonings. 


I took her food bowl, put in the chicken and rice, added some of the water from the chicken and froze it. She’s been eating so fast I’m afraid of her puking so I figured this was a good way to slow her down. 


does this affect the bland diet at all? i might sound stupid but i want the best for the little one."
980,DogAdvice,Dog Coat Help,Does anyone know of a brand of dog blanket/coat that is fully adjustable (looks more like a horse blanket) and also has a slit along the back for a leash? I moved two FL dogs to snow country NY so they are cold but I can’t find what I need anywhere and my back yard isn’t fenced yet so they have to go out on their harness still. I have an awesome Rambo dog blanket I wish I could use but no leash access.
981,DogAdvice,Dog eating seed pods,"My 2.5 y/o Aussie seems to be eating seed pods. And they are messing up his gut. We’ve been to emergency vet after he started vomiting. He got better with meds and special food. We thought it was isolated incident but he threw up a big clump of them yesterday.

We hike a lot on trails is wooded parks. Sometimes he gets these in his fur and I have to get them off. Otherwise he chews at them. Our house has natural wooded areas he uses to do his business. I think he sees these pods and thinks they’re treats or something. I have been observing him and see him nip at a plant and then chewing. He’s so fast! I’ve yet to see him actually eat one for sure. In fact I don’t see these pods on plants. 

We’ve started keeping him on a tighter leash and away from deeper brush.

Is this a thing? Any advice? Hoping it’s seasonal."
982,DogAdvice,Best way to avoid random dogs?,"So this morning at 6 am I took my Pomeranian out for a little bathroom break to my backyard when suddenly a random pit bull who somehow got into the backyard jumped at my little baby and tried to attack him but backed down when he saw my face. I was too scared to do anything else but grab my pom and run outside. Luckily my dog was untouched, all I remember is that the pit bull had a blue collar on. Where it came from I have no idea. 

I’m just angry and scared to know that my own home isn’t safe from someone’s random dog in my own backyard. I been thinking that I should first go outside and check behind stuff like trees and cars to see if there’s a hidden dog before I let my dog do his thing. My neighbor just has so many owners who let their dog go loose that I have to be the one to overcompensate. 

This makes me worried so much."
983,DogAdvice,Can I do anything to help my dog grow her winter coat fast?,
984,DogAdvice,does this spay incision look OK?,
985,DogAdvice,Socialised dogs as puppies regress to being very defensive around new dogs,"Hey guys, 
I have two dogs of working breed. I have had them since they were 3 months old and raised them to be very social at the dog park. They did well socially but earlier this year they spent about 6 months with my dad's dog who would chew them up and bully them. Since getting them back, they are very quick to snap if other dogs get into their face and try to bite strangers patting them on the lead.

These are behaviours they didn't used to display. I think they've experienced trauma and I want to help them get comfortable with greeting new dogs again. 

So far I've tried taking them to the dog park without the ball so they're forced to be social but it didn't have an effect after two weeks. Does anyone have any advice?"
986,DogAdvice,How hard work is a puppy?,"Me and my boyfriend really want a puppy and we have been doing a lot of research on the breed we are considering. My boyfriend has experience with puppies growing up but I’ve only ever been around trained adult dogs. People say having a puppy is like having a baby, you’ll loose sleep and it’ll be hard work. We are fully prepared to give this puppy or all love and attention, I’m 26 and he is 29, no children and work from home. But how hard is a puppy and what advise do you guys have?"
987,DogAdvice,Extremely reactive/anxious dog - feel like I’m running out of options. Please help!,"Apologies for the long post. My dog (14 month old Romanian rescue) is constantly over threshold when outside, as in he will bark at nothing, whine, lunge and growl on a constant basis. He’s aggressive towards dogs and people. No aggression issues with visitors to the home. Generally speaking, he’s content in the home (apart from barking). I’m not exaggerating when I say he will spin and bark at the top of his lungs at nothing. I understand he will smell things I can’t but this is 80% of the time outside. 

Neurological condition: I got him at 6 months old but was unaware he was suffering from a spinal subluxation - before the vets thought attacks were “anxiety” - he was hospitalised, had spinal surgery, crate rested for three months. I’ve taught him to walk and do all of his basic functions again. Last month he was discharged from the neurologist and physiotherapist. No brain damage has occurred, only neurological deficit is his mild ataxia. 50% of the time I’ve had him he’s not been allowed outside. 

I’ve worked with a trainer and two behaviourists and have seen zero improvement. In fact, due to spending most of his time inside as he will immediately freak out, he’s worse. Both say he can’t meet other dogs without using graded exposure, but have people had success muzzling their dog and letting them meet a calm dog? He used to live with dogs in Romania but now he can’t see/smell one without wanting to kill it. 

Medication: is on gabapentin and fluoxetine, no change from either. Vet wants to prescribe trazodone but has admitted they have no idea. Seems weird to me because he’s ataxic. I live in UK and have been told Zoloft is seldom used. We use diazepam occasionally but limited impact. Do people have positive experiences with Zoloft ? Considering a veterinary behaviourist but we’ve spent over £15,000 on vet bills. It’s absurd.

I’m attempting to contact other behaviourists but all say the same thing: do gradual graded exposure. Yes, in theory that’s great, but there’s no starting point. The others suggest using a muzzle to shut his mouth so he can’t bark and then click train (wtf is wrong with people) or using a collar for corrections. He can’t use a collar due to his surgical implant. 

If positive behaviourists don’t help, medication so far hasn’t helped and my vet/current behaviourist don’t know what to do, what is left? 

I live next to the beach so it’s a challenging area to control due to dog/foot traffic. I currently attempt training at stupid hours of the day in an attempt to avoid triggers, but he still barks at nothing. I love him so much but attempted to rehome him for his own good, I’ve even contacted specialists who run facilities for dogs who can’t be homed, all have said no because he would be bullied due to his condition. I know this isn’t a good environment for him but for understandable reasons people and organisations won’t take him. I feel forgotten. 

I’m constantly heartbroken and the last 8 months have made me severely depressed. I’m considering euthanasia but don’t want to do it. I saved his life and am his rock. 

Any suggestions, medication, behavioural, specific behaviourists in the Uk, or anything else really, is hugely appreciated. If nothing else, thank you for reading - I suppose my boy and I are both in crisis."
988,DogAdvice,Dog bite,"I didn’t see any rules saying i cant post this, but I understand if it gets deleted.  TW- mention of dog fight, wounds, injuries. 

I live with family, and we have 6 dogs total, 2 are mine, two belong to sibling a (sibling a doesn’t live with us but dogs are here), one belongs to sibling b, and one is my moms. One of sibling a’s dogs (dog a1) resource guards everything, (but mom refuses to feed dogs separately) and has gone after 4/5 of the other dogs, who did nothing in response. 

A few months ago, dog a1 went after one of my dogs. She ended up going after him and we had to take dog a1 to the vet. 

This morning, dog a1 went after my dog again, and we had to separate. Everything had calmed down, so we didnt crate either of them. My mom and I were sitting on the couch, and dog a1 was between us. My dog came walking by us and he tried to to after her again. My mom moved her arm in front of dog a1 and my dog bit my mom. It was a severe bite, and my mom ended up needing surgery. 

Where i live, i am able to self quarantine my dog, so she’ll be separated for ten days. Ive already arranged a foster for her after the quarantine is over (she was vaccinated in august so she is current), but what do i do from there? 

Sibling A hasnt lived in the house for almost a year but refuses to take her dogs. She lives in a pet friendly apartment and my mom paid her pet deposit. Dog a1 has had these issues for years, but no one has done anything to fix it or listens when i say his issues will only get worse as he gets older

Im not in a good place financially to move out, but i feel like that may be my only choice to keep my dog. The fight they got into previously was the first time shes ever gone after a dog before, and shes never shown any reactivity/aggression with people."
989,DogAdvice,"Are they playing or fighting? The mother seems to be playing, but the puppy looks stressed. Is it normal or should I stop them? (Ps. All the growls/barks are from the puppy)",
990,DogAdvice,My dogs won’t stop fighting.,"We have had my almost 2 yr old GSD (male, neutered) since he was 8 weeks. We just adopted a 9 month GSD pup (male, not neutered yet). We’ve had the pup for a week and a half now. 

The first day I brought the puppy home they were fighting for 8 hours and I had to take work off the next day cause i literally got no sleep with them. Since then the fighting is slowly getting to be less, but it is still fairly constant. 

Most of the time the fighting is playful. But after hours it still gets annoying. My older dog has gotten mean a couple times but that gets shut down immediately. Even after wearing each other out completely one of them will walk by the other and they start fighting all over again. 

I try separating them sometimes so they can get “breaks” but this is not realistic to do constantly. I will give them distractions like toys or kongs but as soon as they don’t want those anymore it’s back to the same thing. They wear each other out until they are basically passing out from exhaustion and falling asleep very easily. I just don’t know how they sleep for 20 mins and are back at it again. 

I know my older dog is doing this more out of showing his dominance and establishing that. The pup is usually just doing puppy things like nipping or being curious of the older dog which sets him off again. Like I said they do get disciplined if either of their behavior goes too far and I feel it is mean.

Is fighting like this almost all day normal behavior? If it is when will it calm down to a reasonable amount? If not, what can I do to make this better?"
991,DogAdvice,Anyone knows what this plump ball is on my dogs neck?,[removed]
992,DogAdvice,Rash cause for concern?,My dog has a rash in his groin area on both his left and right sides and also some in between his paws. We think it’s from anxiety licking when he’s in his kennel at night. Should we be concerned about this?
993,DogAdvice,How does it look,"I posted the others day about her 4 days post op she got spayed Monday. Everyone said it looked fine but I was gone for two days and my parents watched her told them to not let her jump or run.

Just wanted to see if it is still good looking there is a lump to the left of it. She doesn’t look in pain or act and she eats fine. 

I am a over thinker so I stress  could it be a hernia or is it normal."
994,DogAdvice,Little ball on his neck has grown in the past month.,[removed]
995,DogAdvice,Alternatives toys for a dog banned from bones,My dog has never cared much for toys. She’s not interested in playing fetch very often &amp; tends to rip apart any stuffed toys or bones that aren’t “power chew” nylabones or equivalent. Her vet said she has 2 fractured teeth &amp; can no longer chew her bones. We need to find something new she would like and don’t know where to start. Suggestions?
996,DogAdvice,Where should I go for rehoming a dog who is aggressive with strangers but very loving with family?,"My parents took in a dog of a family friends who is the absolute sweetest boy with family and people he knows. He is cuddly and loving and basically like a golden retriever. But when he sees strangers he goes crazy and he has nipped two people since they’ve had him. 

He does fine outside in public with people. The main issue is he is very protective of the house and his family when he is on their property. A defense dog if you well.

They love him so much but they don’t have time to train him properly to socialize him. He is great with other dogs and plays fine with them. But he just needs a home to be able to run and get his energy out. They don’t want to bring him to a shelter. But I’m afraid my mother wants to put him down after the incidents. Thats my last resort EVER. 

So any advice on other routes to go? Places to search for the type of home he needs?"
997,DogAdvice,Anybody can give me advice to what this is ??,
998,DogAdvice,I just got a new puppy and have a 1 year old Pomsky. I can’t tell if they are playing or not? The puppy keeps making a yapping noise and sorta like a snarl but puppy sound is that makes sense. Should I be concerned?,
999,DogAdvice,At a fork in the road,My dog has been crated at night since she was a little puppy. She’s 2 now.  She has developed a habit of waking up extra early and banging on the crate to get out. Nothings wrong she just wants to lay in my bed with me. It’s disturbing my sleep. I never wanted her to sleep in my bed all night for a few reasons. For those whose dogs sleep with them how do you have “private time” with your partner? Is your dog ok being boarded since they are used to sleeping with you? How did you train/transition from the crate to another sleeping place?
1000,DogAdvice,There's this weird scab on my dog's throat and he won't sit still long enough for us to get a proper look at it. It feels like matted hair but scabby and flaky. Has any other dog owners seen this on their dog? What is it?,
1001,DogAdvice,What is going on with my dog???,
1002,DogAdvice,Small cyst/wound on 6 year old German shepherd. Does anyone know if this is something I should take her to the vet for? She doesn’t seem to be in pain but has been licking it off and on. You normally cannot see it without moving the fur unless she has been licking the spot. More info in comments,
1003,DogAdvice,Dog growling/snapping at kids,"My dogs about three years old and never had this behavior before, we’ve had him since he was about 6 weeks old.  My sister is staying is with us and has two children (3/4) and he’s snapped and growled at the youngest. We’ve caughtt them both pulling on his tail and ears and trying to take food and toys away from him, we are trying to educate the kids not to do this. He has snapped at me once but he was asleep and I believe I scared him when I woke him up but I can pick up his toys or really mess with him without any problem.  I don’t want anything to happen to the children, am I going to have to get rid of my baby or is there hope? Any advise/experiences would be appreciated. Thanks"
1004,DogAdvice,Shaved down a matted/pelted dog at work and saw this. What is this embedded in the dogs skin? A little puss came out of it too.,
1005,DogAdvice,Separation anxiety,"Anyone have advice for a 6 month old puppy who has some separation anxiety. She is fully crate trained and is fine when crated, whether I am home or go out, but if not in her crate and I leave the room she gets anxiety:  cries, paces, almost panicked, even if someone else is still in the room with her. Only had her for 1 month so we’re working on basic obedience still (sit, stay, come, etc). What do we do? Help!"
1006,DogAdvice,How to enrich my working/field golden retriever?,"  Howdy. 

I'm a brand new owner of a now 3 month old ""field line"" golden retriever. We are not hunters, just didn't realize goldens..were actually working dogs. Silly me. 

Anyway, I'm not gonna just force her to be a dog she isn't and it's clear already that she has some kind of prey drive or wants to go get birds. We got her from breeders that are hunters, and breed/train for huntin' dogs. 


So I'm wondering what kind of games/tasks are enriching for my ginger. Obviously fetch is a hit.. and I will be getting her a flirt pole. 

Is there anything else I can do to stimulate her retriever brain besides becoming an actual fowl hunter? Lol

Also, she loves to dig. The snuffle mats on Amazon seem lame, I tried one for my 2yo bichon and I just can't see how it's made for digging or even nose work. 



Should I be getting her toys that looks like birds? What do you think are some training/tasks techniques hunters use that I could use?"
1007,DogAdvice,"My dog today fell from the stairs and broke her leg. Looking for advice from people who experienced the same, on walks, baths, etc. Took her to the vet as soon as it happened and now we're waiting to get the x-rays done to be able to do surgery",
1008,DogAdvice,Fecal Incontinence Trouble,"My elderly Chihuahua-Dachshund mix (15-16 years old) has struggled with fecal incontinence for about four months now, and we’ve tried about everything. A basket for him to sleep in? He crawls out. Diapers? He crawls out. Different types of foods, stool helping (?) foods? Nothing!! We’re getting really, really tired of how much crap we clean up on a day-to-day basis.

We’re now thinking about putting him on a medicine that’s supposed to help with the anal muscles called Loperamide. This was one of two last options, the other being surgery and since he’s so old I’m a bit scared of doing that. He’s completely healthy otherwise, and is very happy, but we don’t know what to do.

Before we do this, is there ANYTHING else we might be able to do? We love this dog but it’s getting really tough to deal with this problem."
1009,DogAdvice,"On family vacation, dog is in pain or overwhelmed?","We are on family vacation in NYC for these few days-we are from DC so I didn’t anticipate too much of being overwhelmed as much or surprised by the city environment for my dog. She snarled and snapped at me more than once this morning-in the hotel room and when we were out at the parade. She’s a service dog who is 3.5 and normally beyond well behaved so of course I freaked out and cried when she did it. It seems like maybe she’s in pain because she was only doing it to me but my sister started to pet her on her head and she did a little growl (same thing that preceded her snarling earlier). And then after, she was super cuddly-not like put off by my presence. I’ve contacted her vet and made an appt for Monday, but how do I treat this or help her? I’ve been overwhelmed about it just because I don’t feel equipped to help her here, away from home."
1010,DogAdvice,She does this little twitch after taking her sedatives. Are they are tiny hiccups? They go away after 15 mins or so.,
1011,DogAdvice,Dog stye eye?,Just found this on my little pup’s eye - anyone know if this is a stye?
1012,DogAdvice,Say Hello to my Babies!! Both males. 🐾,
1013,DogAdvice,Breed recommendations for someone with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome?,"Hi everyone, 

I have been considering getting a dog for a long time and ultimately decided to move forward with it because I think it will be beneficial for my health. 

I have CFS, which impacts my health greatly. I’m often drained on energy and it’s often difficult to get out of bed. I do have some good days where I’m able to get outside for a light walk. 

With that being said, I am looking for a breed that does well with my condition. One that will relax with me when not feeling well, but happy to go out on a walk when I can. Additionally, I want a breed that is known not to bark a lot and also doesn’t shed. Size range around 20-40lbs.

A dog that greatly interests me is a welsh terrier. Although I’m not sure if they are too active? I’ve always loved Airedale terriers and this is just a smaller version of them. 

If anyone has any recommendations I would be so thankful!"
1014,DogAdvice,Can anyone help identify what is happening with my dog??,He's been really restless and bobbing his head like that. Could it me tremors/neurological or maybe anxiety attack. He is an anxious dog. Or could he have ingested something.  Yes I am going to the vets I'm trying to find a 24 hour one in Melbourne. Any help would be appreciated also. Thankyou.
1015,DogAdvice,This kind of discharge has been leaking from the tail area (I tried to look for any abnormalities but she got agitated) of my parents 15 year old female dog. It started earlier tody. Anyone had a similar experience?,
1016,DogAdvice,My dog and food,"My dog, the past two days, wouldn't eat. My parents put wet food and dry food, with some sausage and egg to intice her. We even put her food in one of the same bowls we eat out of because we had a problem before where she wouldn't eat.
This morning I heated up some chorizo to get the oil out of it and tore it up, got some sausage and tore it up and then put in her usual dry and wet food and mixed it all together, she's just eaten almost all of it.
But she has always had a tendancy to get bits of food put of her bowl and take it like 3 feet away and drop it- after that sometimes she eats it and sometimes she just leaves it there and it never gets eaten. At first I though she was getting the big bits out if she could and eating them, but she doesn't seem to be doing that half the time.
What's wrong with my dog 😭"
1017,DogAdvice,Gave an STD to my dog?,Hello. So the thing is that while I was doing my laundry my dog picked up a thong and she bit and licked the underwear that I had used the afternoon before (this happened in the morning) and I have been worried ever since that now my dog could have contracted an STD from me because my thong had discharge. I dont know for sure that I have an STD but what If I have one? I know that this is probably the most stupid question but I have only had my dog for 2 months so I pretty much know nothing. Thank you so much.
1018,DogAdvice,How long did it take your dog when it was a puppy to learn that you’re not coming to them when they cry in their crate all night? How many weeks/months did it take before they started just going to sleep instead of barking for a few hours?,"She’s on month 5 so still young but just wondering how long it took some of you. 
We tire her out and practice crate comfort training and her bathroom schedule has her go fully just before bed but she still barks non stop for like 2 hours after I leave the room. A few times that has extended to 3-4 hours. I can’t go in the room while she’s doing it or she’ll learn that it summons me but she also doesn’t stop for long enough for me to go in during a quiet moment to show her that silence gets my attention. The pause between barks is only as long as it takes her to gather another breath for her next volley of barks. Like 1 second max.
I feel like a prisoner in my home because I have to tiptoe around, can’t even flush a toilet or grab water in the night. I can’t go on that floor of my home at all or i’ll trigger another hour or two of barking. I don’t work due to an injury so all my time while she finally sleeps is at home too scared to turn over in bed in case  the bed creaks and she hears it."
1019,DogAdvice,Are these just scratches on my dog’s eyelid and chin? Should I take him to the vet?,
1020,DogAdvice,5 year old dog behaviour advice,"I’ll keep it short. We’ve had our dog since he was 6 months old and he always had a timid anxious personality. However I’ve noticed when I’m home (female owner) he’s super clingy and anxious with me like can’t be away from me, always staring at or laying on me, can’t relax and avoids my husband even though my husband has always been good to him. When my husband is alone with him my dog just sleeps and chills. Then when we have him at other people’s homes (that he knows well) he’s completely relaxed and plays and if they babysit him he’s totally fine it’s the same thing he is completely relaxed and a normal dog. So why does being around me make him super anxious and clingy, I don’t understand. 

TIA"
1021,DogAdvice,Our 1.5 year old mini Aussie-doodle has been licking at her paw. We’ve been keeping the cone on her for 4 days now and washing the paw. Anything else we can do or insight into what could be the cause?,
1022,DogAdvice,What to do..,"Hey! I’ve been considering getting a puppy in the future, and I’m not sure what to do. I have school full time and my dad has work full time. How do we have a puppy without having a dog walker, doggy daycare, or someone to check in on the puppy?

Any advice besides “just don’t get a puppy”?"
1023,DogAdvice,"small, senior adoptee yawning","Hi all.

Not too long ago I adopted a senior.  A tiny chi-minpin-whoknoes mix.  15 and blind, not very human-focused when I got her.  Over the last couple months she's changed a lot, for the better.  She's relaxed, affectionate and even playful.

Before her the smallest dog I'd ever owned was 80 lbs +.  Most of her behaviors I think I'm doing fine reading, except for her yawning. 

She will find me and sit at my feet, and sometimes paw at my leg to be picked up.  Often when I do pick her up, she will yawn multiple times when I start petting her.  When I set her down again, she'll do the ""shake off"" stress thing.

 I'm used to multiple or out-of-context yawns being a sign of stress.  She's older and has had a rough time of it (multiple homes etc etc). Just want to make sure it's not her being stressed or uncomfortable."
1024,DogAdvice,"Sensitive dark spot by her lady bits; what is it? Not a tick, I checked, but she growls if it gets touched or anyone goes near it. grandma doesn’t wanna take her to the vet thinks it’s nothing",
1025,DogAdvice,"Please help - just left vet but so scared, my dog can barely move","
I desperately need help. 
I have a 3 year old Aussie who has been having difficulty standing up from laying down for a few months. If I’m being honest I thought he maybe ran or played too hard and that it would pass. He was his normal self besides the struggle to get up, he was still eating and would play with me. Before all of this, I would come home he would be SO excited and jump up on me. Well now, I noticed he stopped jumping up on my bed, stopped jumping on me and barely shows excitement, and is still having major difficulty getting off the ground. Cut to now, he can barely get up, he sits slowly and oddly, he’s very slow when walking, and has no interest in fetch or playing. He seems absolutely exhausted and down, and never wants to get up. Nothing gets him excited and I can tell he is struggling so badly with something or in a lot of pain. I’ve been thinking it was maybe arthritis or something similar. However he’s been to the vet (for allergies) during the time this has been happening and all of his tests and exams were normal. 

My pup has been with my mom who he stays with a lot and adores, and I just got home to see the obvious worsening of whatever is going on. Nothing has changed with his diet or routine except eating less. I immediately notice tonight that he is NOT well and rush him to the ER. You would think he was a very very old dog the way he moves and he was sitting very oddly with both legs pushed to the side. He could also barely get in my car which he never had issues jumping into. 

I explain this in way more detail to the vet. I tell her he is not hisself whatsoever and that I’ve never seen him like this. She checked him out from head to toe and my dog didn’t express any pain in her checks of his body. I told her that he cried today when I was trying to examine his paws and she said he didn’t do that. Basically she said we can do a full body X-ray that would be absurdly expensive, or I go to an orthopedic specialist. I absolutely do not have 1500 to spare for X-rays, especially if that doesn’t show us what we’re looking for. I’m sobbing because seeing him like this is breaking my heart and I may have to find a way to do the X-rays asap because it’s eating me up inside. 

If this sounds remotely relatable to anyone, would you go the X-ray route first? Or maybe other testing? I do not know what to do or where to start especially knowing how expensive all of this will be. I really need some help or peace of mind. 💔"
1026,DogAdvice,Dog acting weird and peeing inside?,"Okay so my German shepherd 1y/o was neutered two weeks ago and is still all cone'd up. He's on cone duty another week because he opened the wound a tiny bit the other day (Vet said it was fine, barely opened at all just enough to bleed a teeny bit, gave us antibiotics just in case). Now, we haven't gotten to play very much because he's only interested in playtime that involves running around and getting chased. He comes outside with me whenever I smoke (every hour or so) and we're out there 10, 15 minutes maybe, and he usually does his business then if he needs to. I've seen him hold it nearly an entire day (when we first got him a couple months ago, he was shy in the new home) too so I know he can.

Tonight I found a big ol' dump in the hallway. Like, so big you'd think a human left it there after hitting a buffet. After cleaning, he and I play fetch inside for a bit, since he's mostly healed. I discover a pee puddle that he must've left as a surprise for me earlier. I clean it up and close him out of the room while I do so. When I come out into the hallway guess who's standing over a nice fresh huge NEW puddle of pee? I can understand puddle #2 since he was all excited and I cut him off from playtime abruptly so he might not have been able to control myself, but with the pattern he established over the last few hours it has me concerned.

I also have a couple fish tanks sitting outside full of water to test they won't break. It's cold out, and they're covered in condensation. When I took him out with me like 20 minutes ago, he started nudging and rubbing his nose up against the side of one of the tanks and sort of stumbling side to side. I don't know what he was doing, he wasn't licking it. He might've been trying to check out a bug he saw or something, which would explain a lot because he might've just been stumbling trying to get closer to the bug with the cone in the way, but at the same time what if it's not that, you know? He's being good right now and sleeping in his favorite chair. 

Anyone have any ideas on why? Maybe he's just sick of the lack of stimulation since the neuter and he's acting out with the peeing/pooping inside? And the tank thing was just a bug he saw? Or could this be something more serious? We super duper can't afford to take him to the vet unless we're sure something's wrong, and he is acting normal now."
1027,DogAdvice,Is this ok?,She's been reverse sneezing Ike this more frequently over the past few months.
1028,DogAdvice,Is this ok?,She's been reverse sneezing Ike this more frequently over the past few months.
1029,DogAdvice,Did my dog break her toe?,"We went on a rocky hike recently and then the next walk we went on she limped on that foot for only about 3 steps then has been walking, running, jumping letting me touch her leg and paw and overall seems completely unbothered. But today I noticed the small red bump and that the toe doesn’t seem to sit straight like the rest. Is it worth a trip to the vet is she seems to be acting like she is in 0 pain? Is it like when humans break a toe and there’s nothing you can do besides just slowly let it heal on its own? Or is it perhaps dislocated and needs to be reset? 
Thanks in advance!"
1030,DogAdvice,Advice,"My dog that I have has never been aggressive to any dogs or anyone about his food, today we brought home a new puppy and she went towards his food and he wasn’t happy 
Is there a way to help show him it’s ok , tips, tricks on what to do?
Thank you!"
1031,DogAdvice,"Urgent, need info asap","Can anybody identify what this could possibly be? When I first adopted my dog about 3-4 months ago (Staffordshire Terrier) we noticed that she had this little branch off on her paw pad and thought nothing of it because it looked like just a minor paw abnormality at first. We noticed today after being out and playing that it has started to look like this and we aren’t sure if it’s a tumor or whatever it could be. Any information would be very helpful, thank you guys for your time."
1032,DogAdvice,Behavior problems with corgi,"Hello all, I've been having serious behavioral problems with my 7M pembroke welsh corgi and he has been targeting my 13M Cairn terrier. We have had both dogs since they were 2-3 months old and though my corgi has always been ""grumpy"" he has never been aggressive with the cairn terrier. My cairn terrier is a very calm old man that is incontinent but never bothered any of our other dogs, aside from occasional food aggression (only with treats.) I'm not sure what to do because he (corgi) has ripped out some of his fur. I want to take him to the vet to see if there's anything I can do but I really want to avoid euthanizing him and he was a birthday present from when I turned 15 years old. Any advice I can do about this?"
1033,DogAdvice,"From a video of my dog yawning, how old would you guess he is? We’ve gotten several different opinions over the years after we adopted him. I assume teeth are the best indication of age.",
1034,DogAdvice,Pink eye?,"We have a vet appointment Monday, that’s all we could get. We’re going to get some sterile eye wash that the vet recommended. Any other remedies? It doesn’t seem to be bothering him but I feel bad for my poor boy. 11 month old Schnorgi."
1035,DogAdvice,Will these dogs get along?,"Sorry, this might be kind of long.  I have 2 dogs, theyre big (about 90lbs) and they've gotten along really well. I've had my male dog for about 9 years and got him at 2 months old. He's very sweet and listens. I got my female dog about 2 years ago as a rescue. We're not sure how old she is but we're guessing about 5 years old.               Since we've had her shes gotten in 2 pretty minor fights with female dogs, one was YESTERDAY, but gets along great with my male dog. 

Anyways, I'm moving in with a friend who has a male dog (same breed as mine) whos about 70lbs. I'm supposed to be taking both of my dogs into move with her and I'm scared they wont get along and something will happen.

Any advice? My best bet was to only have them around each other when we can keep an eye on them for a couple months, so I could drop my dogs off at my Mom's when I have to work.  But since this other fight just happened I dont know what to think."
1036,DogAdvice,Advice on prepping apt/ doggo for a smooth post surgery recovery,"oy where to start. Just want to avoid complications or stiches ripping etc etc etc. Not exactly sure how large this will be at the moment either. So I'm just prepping now best I can. 

Ive seen surgical ""suits"" aka doggy onsies, old t shirts but  it says in comments for spay/ neuter surgeries. what about torso/ back-What would protect their insicion/ stich site ? And she hates her leash connected to a collar, and uses a harness- so alternative so that doesnt rub or harm her. 

ALSO-   what things would you get your doggy to enjoy her holiday with this surgery 5 days before xmas AND two toothie extractions.... I just feel so bad and sad for her."
1037,DogAdvice,is this normal?,"my female border collie (1.5 years old) always moves in her sleep and i believe that is normal because humans do it too when we sleep. but tonight she is sleeping with her eyes open and moving like this, is this normal?"
1038,DogAdvice,"I have a 2 y.o. lab mix. He enjoys all things outdoors, swimming, hiking, etc. He’s brushed, paws wiped, ears cleaned, nails trimmed, and teeth brushed very regularly. However he only gets a bath 2-3 times a year. How often should he be getting a bath?",
1039,DogAdvice,I took a picture of my Koko and her pupil looks weird. She has a bit of a cherry eye but I’ve never seen her pupil look like this. Is something wrong?,
1040,DogAdvice,Noticed this lil white bump on my dog Zia—infected hair follicle?,
1041,DogAdvice,What’s your cure for diarrhea,"My pup is 65 lbs and eats well, however he’s had diarrhea for about 3 days now, I’m not sure what it is but there no other signs of him being uncomfortable, he still eats, no vomiting , playing normally etc. I really can’t afford ANOTHER vet trip right now. We just got  him in august and he’s already been to the emergency animal hospital 4 times already costing us over 3k already. We’ll go if we have to but I want to try home remedies first"
1042,DogAdvice,List of core puppy shots?,"Hi, everyone,

I’m getting a puppy next week; she will be 8 weeks old. I’m planning to take her for her first shots two days later. It’s a mobile vet clinic in a feed store, as that’s the place she can get her vaccinations the soonest (this is a fairly rural area).

I’ve never done this before. Is it possible to over-vaccinate? I am nervous about being talked into getting more stuff than she needs at 8 weeks of age. (Plus I’m confused about 5-way shots plus/versus the standalone shots). 

I’ve Googled and searched and looked at printables, but I just need a simple list of the basic (but crucial) vaccines she needs. Can someone guide me? I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide. Thanks!"
1043,DogAdvice,Possible ACL tear?,"Hey just looking for some advice, my 9yr old GSD has been limping on his rear leg since last night. He’s able to put some pressure on it but he holds it up a lot, walks with a limp in his step. I’ve tried to inspect it, theres no swelling around his knee he also doesn’t yelp/wince when I was just gently feeling his leg. I don’t know what else it could be. I’ve called a bunch of vets around me, but a bunch of them won’t take new clients or booked out for a week or more."
1044,DogAdvice,"hi, my dog Gizmo woke me up at 2:30 last night looking like this (1 &amp; 2.) he looks better now, and is acting normal. does anyone know what it might be/has something similar happened to your dog?",
1045,DogAdvice,Help! My sister’s toy poodle just tried to eat the neighbor’s dog.,"The good boy is a bull dog mix and didn’t even realize he was being attacked.  They were both on a leash but I was holding the toy poodle in my arms.  When I put him on the ground he got aggressive and was biting the other dog in the neck!  Due to his tiny size (4lbs), I just picked him back up.  Apologized for my ignorance. The neighbor just laughed.  There was zero damage to the bulldog.  He just seemed confused.  And he was a sweet slow puppy.  I’m so ashamed that I was handling the tiny dog so poorly.  What was the tiny idiot thinking?? Help me Cesar Milan!"
1046,DogAdvice,Pet Insurance?,"I just rescued a 5 year old pit terrier. I want to establish a good relationship with a local vet and get pet insurance since something bigger in terms of care for him would be tough for me. 

Any good recommendations for the pet insurance? And good questions to call around and ask vets to see how quality they are?
Any help would be greatly appreciated thank you"
1047,DogAdvice,Good idea!!! my dog loves this BAOBRO snuffle mat!! occupy her for a while and bring fun🥰🥳🥳🥳 #dogs #dogslowfeeder #snufflematfordogs,
1048,DogAdvice,Do you guys know what breed Leo is??,
1049,DogAdvice,Dog strange lick behaviour,"I have adopted her 3 weeks ago and she has this habit of licking or sucking on her tongue (sorry, I don't know how to better explain the behaviour or sound). 
She's a stray, mix of long-wire-haired daschund from what I manage to identify. 

She does this a lot of the time. During the day when she's on the sofa, or her bed. During the evening and the night. 
She seems healthy and without any issues on her teeth, gums, tongue, lips or mouth. 

Her foster parents from whom I took her told me that she was doing that when she was with them as well (they had her for almost 1 year)

Does anyone have any idea what this might be? 

She is not in pain or anything from what I see and I don't mind it at all. I got used to it and I'm even amused by this sometimes xD

Thank you! 

PS: she was not licking herself in the video; the clip is muted due to the background noise"
1050,DogAdvice,What time should I be taking my dogs out?,"I have 3 female dogs (now 1 and a half-ish years old). We go on walks at 8-8:30AM, then at 4:30-5PM, then at 10-10:30PM. They don't pee at home or anything, but I'm worried they are holding their business in for too long, granted when we do go out they usually don't rush to go do their business or anything.

Is this schedule fine?"
1051,DogAdvice,"does anyone know what breeds she could be? she’s almost 3 months, i have more photos of her on my account. her mom was about knee height and dad is unknown :D",
1052,DogAdvice,Dog keeps licking this red bump in between his paws,"Update: took to the vet and they prescribed antibiotics, anti inflammatory, and anti itch. Hoping the bump and rash goes away within 2 weeks. If not, going back to get a check up"
1053,DogAdvice,My Dog Spazed Out After Petting Her,"Idk what happened but here’s my dog peanut on her back asking for belly rubs and all of a sudden after I’m finished rubbing her tummy, she gets up twirls around almost chasing her tail, growls and whines while shoving her face near me. It was kind of a scary because she never does anything like that? She was just laying there then out of no where it was almost like she freaked out and was whining to me. Idk does anybody have a Clue abt this?"
1054,DogAdvice,My dog got spayed and she is losing weight is that normal. She’s 1 year old I would say she has lost about 5 pounds.,She went in on November 14 and the first two days she didn’t want to eat but now she eats normal drinks water and plays. I limited her play due to the other dogs and she gets very crazy while playing but I have noticed she is looking skinny and he back spinal cord shows but not her ribs.
1055,DogAdvice,Dog tail injury,"I think my dog chewed on his tail during the night,seems really itchy,I think because of allergies.I put a cone on him but the spot has seemed to get worse and I think it might be infected.is this something I can treat at home or do I need to take him to the vet?"
1056,DogAdvice,Dog tooth discoloration? Noticed about a week ago and hasn’t gone away. Does this warrant a visit to the vet? No inflammation and the tooth isn’t loose either.,
1057,DogAdvice,Thanksgiving Plans,"So I am wondering what to do on Thanksgiving.  I can either bring my six month old potty trained puppy, which is a real pain, or leave her at home in a gated room. I will probably be gone for 5-7 hours. She sleeps through the night for at least 7 hours. What do you think?"
1058,DogAdvice,Does anyone have an idea what kind of bump this is? My puppy is 9 months old if that helps. Vet has no appointments until next week,
1059,DogAdvice,What are the best tips to avoid your dog barking from the balcony.,"He has access to the full house, but when he sees another dogs walking from the balcony starts barking at him. (Not at all dogs, I still don’t understand his logic to bark or not)"
1060,DogAdvice,Can I give this food for my pet as a treat? Idk much about nutrition value.. (it’s Roasted Seaweed: Nori),
1061,DogAdvice,Dog excited play or aggression?,
1062,DogAdvice,Seizure?,"Hi. Posting again as video didn’t upload first time. We are fostering a senior and today she did this. It lasted for around 5 minutes.  She’s also been having random episodes of heavy panting (not related to exercise, or heat).   

I called vet and sent him the video and he just said to monitor it, and if it happens again bring her in. 

Has anyone else experienced anything like this? We have fostered many dogs and have not seen this before."
1063,DogAdvice,Frenchie bullies,I have  6 French bulldog babies now  2mths old  I don't  have  enough  money  to continue  taking  care  off  please  who can  help  me adopt  them please am in Atlanta Georgie
1064,DogAdvice,Symptoms worsen after vet visit. Where to go from here?,"We went to the vet a few months ago for a suspected uti. She was drinking a bit more than usual and peeing more often on walks. It wasn’t anything too dramatic but just a small notice. There was 1 day she kept asking to go out which prompted the vet visit. 

Urinalysis found suspected bacteria &amp; we were given antibiotics. She toke them for 4 days until the urine culture came back negative in which I stopped. The vet said it was probably not a uti then. During this visit we also did a blood test and x rays but everything was normal except high bilirubin. 

We went back to do another blood test a week or two ago and it’s a different doctor this time (but the same clinic) who is going over the last visit. He mentions something the other vet didn’t which is my dogs urine has a pH of 9 which could indicate a uti. I opted not to do another urinalysis or urine culture because of what the other vet said and just process with blood work. It came back normal. Bilirubin levels were within range. 

These past few days, the drinking water has increased where it’s so noticeable. Few months ago even though I noticed a bit of an increase in intake of water, her pee was still yellow as usual. She generally doesn’t drink that much water anyways. Now it’s like light yellow to clear. And she’s peeing way more often on walks. She’s also gained a few pounds which the 2nd vet noticed. That may or may not be related to the uti symptoms but still something I wanted to mention. 

Idk what to do/ go from here because it seems the vet can’t really figure out what’s going on and blood tests look normal."
1065,DogAdvice,Is this a skin tag on my dog? Or do I need to worry?,
1066,DogAdvice,How do I know if my new puppy (8 weeks) is being aggressive or just playing with my older dog (1year),
1067,DogAdvice,Will my dog be ok?,"Will my dog me ok?

Hello, so yesterday my dog was at a vet visit she was on antibiotics because she ate bad food on Sunday. Now it’s Tuesday and today she ate 2 chicken burritos they were wrapped idk how she got to them but she did. She found a way to eat them, she looks very bloated. Now I can’t afford to take her to the vet again, but can the antibiotics she’s on now work?"
1068,DogAdvice,Seizure?,"Hi all. We are fostering a senior dog. This afternoon she had an episode where she was shaking her head rapidl.  It lasted for around 5 minutes.  I think she bit her tongue during it, there was a bit of blood. She was conscious and walking around the whole time. 

I did call the vet and he said to monitor her, and if it happens again they would refer to a neurologist and possibly put on meds, but I’m worried. 

Has anyone experienced this?  We have fostered many many dogs and I have not seen this."
1069,DogAdvice,Introducing Cat &amp; Dog,"Next year my boyfriend and I are moving in together. I have a cat (F, Pearl) and he has a dog (M, Cudi). We are thinking about renting a townhome for a while.

Any advice for making this work? Pearl has only been around one puppy and it wasn’t a long interaction. She’s a sweet girl and gets along with other cats, but I have no idea how she’ll be with Cudi. 
Cudi is a husky and can be very territorial (as they usually are). He’s a sweet boy and also gets along with other dogs, but has not been around cats.

Any help is appreciated! Both are indoor pets."
1070,DogAdvice,dog won't eat his own food,"I have a 6yo shih tzu/jack russel/Chihuahua mix who will not eat any dog food that is fed to him. I have tried multiple brands, different sizes of kibble, different meats, mixing with wet food, wet alone, etc. He will not eat it. He has absolutely no problem begging for our food or eating the cat food at any opportunity like when we sleep or leave the room. Occasionally he is bold and tries to eat the cat food in front of us. We also dog sit and he is always trying to eat their food. The funny part of that is he will eat their food but it will be the same brand(s) I've tried to feed him either past or presently.

I am pretty sure it is behavioral but I can't figure out why. He is given lots of love, affection, and is a generally well taken care of. I mentioned it to our vet before but they shrugged us off. 

Any ideas?"
1071,DogAdvice,unexpected behavior from new dog?,"I have been with my 3 year-old terrier mix buddy for just over 2 weeks now. He’s a rescue dog and it’s been a great experience so far! No in-home potty accidents, no bites, hardly any barking, etc. He’s been very social/friendly with a couple friends (men and women) and my partner. 

But yesterday he acted mysteriously with a friend of mine. He would lightly growl at him, but then would immediately give him kisses after. Then, he would retreat and growl all over again. On this morning’s walk, he growled at the sight of a guy walking nearby. 
This evening, he was friendly with strangers on the walk…no growls or anything.


I’m only confused &amp; concerned because he’s been lovely with me and the few other friends he’s met over the past two weeks. Is this something to be concerned about? Was it just a mood? I’m aware that dogs tend to show their “true colors” after adjustment, but what what would you chalk this all up to?"
1072,DogAdvice,atropine sulfate ophthalmic solution,"Does anyone have experience with this eye drop medication? My vet prescribed it for my dogs eye injury in addition to an antibiotic drop. Curious if folks found it helpful. It seems to make my dog keep his eye shut after it’s administered, and I guess I find this surprising. Thanks"
1073,DogAdvice,Crate Advice:,"I haven't had a dog in over 16 years but I do try to keep up with what's what.

The only issue I am having is, the dog I am going to foster (my brothers) is a little growly when being out into his crate (or so I am told)

Can I safely leave anything in the crate for him to make it a more positive experience? Or is it like training and sporadically give him treats?

I think part of the problem is this dog doesn't get walked much, so I'm going to be walking him at least twice a day, for at least an hour so hopefully that'll make things a little more easy.

I'm going to get him a nice bed to go there too because it's this safe place.

Info: dog is about 8 years old. Some sort of mutt (will be doing an embark because I am curious) We THINK a chi - terrier mix. He weighs maybe all of 10 pounds."
1074,DogAdvice,Nervous/skittish dog help?,"I got my dog in late 2019, wanted to make sure she had all of her important vaccines before I started major socialization (I had plans of her going EVERYWHERE with me) and then Covid happened and I already worked from home. Now I have a 3 year old skittish pandemic puppy.

I've been taking her a lot more places for the past six months or so and she's doing a bit better and is less panicky. Occasionally, she's even excited to see some of my friends and immediately letting them pet her, but if I take her to my boyfriend's place (she's been around him about a dozen times) for a couple of days, she's still nervous the entire time, wants to put off eating, will only sleep if she's on the bed at my feet, etc. She's not panicked, but definitely uncomfy. (I should add that she was excited to see him this past time for the first evening we were there, by day two, she was nervous about him and his place again.)

I've came to terms with her never being the kind of dog that is fine with strangers petting her and most people accept it when I tell them she's skittish and won't let them touch her, but I do wish I could take her on outings without needing to focus so much attention on everyone and everything that's happening at once, because while I don't think she'll bite, I also don't want to set her up for failure either.

Am I doing mostly what I can here and just have to wait/hope for her to come around to new experiences a bit more? Or is there something else I can add in that will help?

A few other notes:  
She's a Husky/GSD mix.  
She isn't at all food or toy driven, so I'm a bit more lost on how to reward good behavior."
1075,DogAdvice,How can I help my parents mend the relationship between their willful dog and their curious grandson?,"My parents are both in their upper 60s and have a Soft-Coated Wheaton terrier (about 60 lbs) who is extremely willful. They have a shock collar on him, but he typically isn't deterred from bad behaviors due to inconsistent conditioning and probably sheer carelessness to just do what he wants. My 4.5 year old nephew is growing a bit scared of him, as the dog constantly barks and lurches toward him when my parents are babysitting. My nephew isn't scared when he's sitting with my parents in a chair, even if the dog is sniffing and licking his feet. The dog will constantly follow around my parents if they are carrying my nephew, sometimes jumping up to smell or lick my nephew. My nephew is at the age where he wants to run around our house with toys creating a ton of ruckus. This agitates/excites the dog. My parents have gates around the house which successfully sequester the dog and nephew. However, this usually leads to the dog watching right at the gate door (or running in between gate doors if my nephew is running around), incessantly barking until my nephew fully leaves the house.

&amp;#x200B;

I feel bad because the constant barking is stressful, but I don't know how to help my parents. While they definitely could be diligent with training my dog, a few trainers have called him ""the most willful dog they've ever seen"". I'm hoping to crowdsource some ideas on how my parents could find some peace in their home, but I also don't want my nephew to ""permanently"" have a scared dynamic with our dog. My parents would not rehome the dog. Also my sibling has a less intimidating/aggressive (but probably just as loud, more anxious) dog at home that gets along well with my nephew, so I do think there's potential for my nephew to like the dog."
1076,DogAdvice,my senior foster pup might have cushings disease (i think he 100% does..),"i guess this is just a discussion, but im open to advice and if anyone knows anything about it from experience or knowledge. 
(Picture: Snoopy is the big boy, Annie is the little lady!) 

my family and i are fostering (soon to adopt) a senior beagle, he’s 11, and his name is allegedly  “Snoopy.” unfortunately we have little to no information on him, all we know is that his previous owner passed away and the family of the owner wanted to euthanize him. however, in their care, they neutered him at 10 years old. that is all we know about him. from our experience, he is VERY affectionate, he is overweight, he has severe separation anxiety, and he does not respond to his name/commands/sounds. 

we took him to VetCo (petco’s vet, we do not recommend) because we weren’t able to get him into our personal vet yet. anyways, after weeks with that vet, we finally switched and got him into our personal vet. our vet was concerned about Cushing’s disease, and the previous vet had mentioned it too.. because he checks off all the boxes on the symptoms. on top of that, he has chronic ear infections, hearing loss, a heart murmur, and a distant heartbeat (vet said that it’s hard to hear it? it sounds far away… possibly due to him panting  or obesity). we will also have to do a chest X-ray to ensure his lungs and heart are alright. 

i love this dog, he is the sweetest. we put down about $600 or more in vet bills so far, and we plan to put down more to get him tested for Cushing’s disease and X-ray. once they test him, we can get the medication to help give him a quality of life. we are also giving him CBD oil 1-2x daily to help him calm down because his anxiety. 

it just saddens me, knowing that we are going to adopt a dog who’s already a senior, and who’s life could be cut short due to a variety of different reasons. i am also sad because we have another senior beagle, Annie, who is 14 years old too. i know that beagles life expectancy is usually 12-15 years… and my heart breaks just to think about this all."
1077,DogAdvice,Plz help my older dog is terrified of my new puppy,"My dog (2 years old) is scared of my new puppy (10 weeks old)
My family just got a new puppy and our older dog is scared of him. Every time the new dog comes to play with the older dog the older dog runs away in fear, every time my older dog has a toy and the puppy comes running at him the older dog drops the toy and runs.

The older dog seems to be depressed and is not eating his food like he used to and is now totally rejecting treats. We separate the dogs a lot so they can have alone time from each other and we always make the time to show the older dog love so he doesn’t feel left out or replaced

How do I get my older dog to toughen up and will my older dog be depressed forever?"
1078,DogAdvice,Does anyone know what this is? I woke up &amp; my dog was bleeding everywhere. I thought her nail fell off but once I got her paw cleaned I noticed it was coming from this weird pink thing. She won’t let me touch it because it’s hurting her &amp; she’s limping.,
1079,DogAdvice,"Gosh, this might not be the right place.",What do you do about others feeding your dog? Recently I let my six month old puppy go to my moms for the day while I was at work and I asked her to send a picture of him and she sent me a picture of his head in a yoghurt cup... I got pretty upset because we are training him to not care for human food or bug us what we’re eating. How to do you talk to someone who doesn’t care for the training you’re doing with your dog.
1080,DogAdvice,Dog brushing routine advice.,"I brush my dogs’ teeth daily with enzyme toothpaste about an hour after the evening meal, but I’m wondering if there’s specific times of day that are best to brush their teeth?

Last thing before bed, or after a meal, or at the start of the day, or does it probably not matter?

And since I give medications right after tooth brushing, I tend to use the peanut butter meds as a treat for letting me brush. But just now I saw my girl’s teeth had peanut butter on and it made me think, am I negating the effects of tooth brushing by instantly covering the teeth in peanut butter?? XD

I can’t find specific guidelines on best times to brush, just lots of advice about how to get your dogs to accept it, which I don’t need! Any advice or thoughts welcome."
1081,DogAdvice,Lung mass in Pomeranian puppy,"My mum has a 10 month old Pomeranian. She’s had a hacking type cough for a few months (usually when she gets excited). We took her to a vet who gave some medication which showed some improvement until it ran out. We took her to another vet who did a full physical and suspected a collapsed trachea but wanted to do some X-rays first. Apparently there’s a mass on her lung which she says is not cancerous (not sure what indicates that on an X-ray) but she doesn’t know what it could be so she’s going to start her on medication and see how that goes before investigating any further.

Other than the coughing she is perfectly healthy, happy and has not acted abnormal at all. She’s very cheery and super friendly, and the vet said her physical exam was perfect.

If the vet has ruled out cancer, is there anything else it could that’s life threatening? My mum is absolutely distraught and whilst I know this isn’t medical advice I’m just wondering if anyone has experienced anything similar and could shed some light?"
1082,DogAdvice,Ongoing Digestive Issues,"My English Springer Spaniel Roxy (8 years old, female) has been having ongoing digestive issues for about 2 months now. We've been back and forth to the vet many times. This all started around September 25th.

It started out as painful gas. She would cry and pace for an hour to 2 hours. Eventually I'd get her to settle, put the heating pad on her belly and she would pass some really smelly farts and then just go to sleep. It was progressively becoming more frequent so we knew she needed to get into the vet. We called the vet and the first appointment was 2 weeks out. But they prescribed us a probiotic and recommended trying Beano over the counter with dinner and told us to try a bland diet of Chicken and Rice in the meantime.

Then we finally went to her appointment and got her bloodwork and a stool sample analyzed. Stool sample was normal, bloodwork only showed her Phosphate level was a little low, not really conclusive of anything. Vet prescribed a prescription diet Purina Gastro EN and said we could also use Gas X whenever she had an episode. We were slowly transitioning to the new diet and things were looking better. We only had about 3 gas episodes during the transition rather than every single night and whenever an episode was coming on we would give her Gas X and it would resolve in a half hour. So we learned how to treat it, but not what's causing it.

We scheduled an abdominal ultrasound. We lost our last dog really suddenly and wanted to be sure this wasn't something serious. Meanwhile the day before the ultrasound we had almost finished transitioning to the new diet, but suddenly she has diarrhea. So we go back to chicken and rice. She fluctuated between bouts of bad diarrhea and semi solid stool, we are now on day 4 of diarrhea. We have tried fasting for 12 hours. Then small frequent meals of chicken and rice. On day 3 we also added a spoonful of pumpkin. Probiotics in the morning, beano at night. Today we returned to the vet for repeat bloodwork and they gave us Flagyl for the diarrhea. Meanwhile my dad and I also had terrible diarrhea as well. So it's possible that it's a diarrhea bug that we all caught and is actually a separate issue from the gas..

It's a huge relief that her ultrasound was normal and didn't show a tumor or anything. But I'm also frustrated that we have no real answers for what's going on with Roxy. She's lost 7 pounds. I'm frustrated that everyone just keeps telling me to keep doing what I'm doing. I'm frustrated that I called the vet over and over and Roxy had to have diarrhea for four days before someone finally prescribed something. I'm hopeful that we can get her stable and that this is a bug and all she needed was a different diet. I love this dog so much.. I'm exhausted. I've spent so many nights up with her with either diarrhea or gas. Everytime I take her out I'm so anxious that she's gonna have more diarrhea."
1083,DogAdvice,I need some help with my dog,"My dog has just turned 4 he has recently started doing his business in the house again for the first time since he was a puppy and he's also not listening to some commands that he's given, this has never been an issue until now I thing something might be wrong with him but I'm not sure I would really appreciate any help that I can get thank you"
1084,DogAdvice,Spin-Cycle Overload,"We have recently adopted a second GSD from the shelter (\~2 months ago). At first, the dog (we named him Dog) was acclimating well, learning new tricks and easily house trained. Three weeks ago today, we noticed Dog start to spin while sniffing the ground (bi-directional) and let out a high pitch bark when he completed the turn (not tail chasing). This coincided with the installation of our sod grass that day as well as switching to a new food: Inukshuk. We have tried changing his food back to what he had before the switch to no avail (Orijen Original). A couple days before onset, he finished a month long regimen of Doxycycline for heartworms. Since then, and truly over the course of the first 1-2 days, the behavior has increased in frequency to nearly all day except when he is sleeping. If he goes outside, we cannot distract him from this behavior (balls/ physically trying to move him, etc), and he also pulls up clumps of grass during the spins with his mouth. We are afraid to let him outside because of the noise + destroying our new grass. Indoors, he also spins, yips, and licks the floor/drags his teeth on the flooring while spinning. Sometimes a ball will distract him indoors for a few minutes while he chews on it, but most often he will run to a ball or a toy and then spin cycle once he reaches the ball. He used to have a solid “come,” but he now ignores it while spin-cycling. His vocalizations have also increased to constant, be it whining anxiously or high-pitched yapping most hours of the day. For example, he used to be very calm/happy during a car ride, and you can see in the video I’ve attached anxious vocalizing.   


He is going to the vet next week for a blood panel + heartworm injection. We have called them a couple times about the spin-cycle, and their advice was to redirect, and we have been dedicated to doing so, but it’s nearly impossible at this point to really distract him from the spin-cycle at all, or at least distract him constantly all day. We fortunately both work from home, so we can rule out separation anxiety, and we have the capacity to work with him more than most would be able to. He does this in the crate as well, but instead of licking he digs at the pad.   


All of this is to say, we are desperate for any insights, hearing from those with similar experiences, or advice. 

Thankful for your replies!"
1085,DogAdvice,My collie has been vomiting three days in a row.,The past few days my dog has thrown up her breakfast. This has happened three days in a row. She’s then back to life and acting normal. Today she threw up this morning and has been fine the rest of the day and has now thrown up this evening too. I’m not sure what this could be as it’s very unlike her? I’m going to call the vet in the morning. Does anyone have any advice on what this could be or what I should do.
1086,DogAdvice,Which Dog Breed Is Right For You?,
1087,DogAdvice,Dog often has upset stomach only in the morning.,"My dog has gurgling sounds in the morning and is often not hungry. Today he was also sitting down a lot and wouldn’t want to go on his walk. He is eating the freeze dried raw nuggets on his meal but won’t touch his kibble. He has a bunch of food allergies, poultry, dairy, beef, duck, turkey and lamb so I give him a venison based kibble and pork based freeze dried topper. Do you think he could be allergic to venison also since he is okay eating pork based freeze dried food and I haven’t seen him poop yet so don’t know about that but it happens frequently that his stomach makes weird noises in the morning and he is often not hungry. We’ve done all tests and haven’t found anything, will get a referral for internal medicine specialist moving forward but any tips"
1088,DogAdvice,can I take my dog to hospital,my boy accidentally broke he's nail while chasing cat what should I do? pls help :(
1089,DogAdvice,Is this “whale eye”? 😞 was one of my favorite pictures of me and my dog and I’m just now noticing this.,
1090,DogAdvice,What is this bald patch on my 1 year old dog?,
1091,DogAdvice,My dog has HGE,"Hey everyone, 

My small dog has HGE. I found out earlier yesterday when he came back from being outside and big drops of blood trailed behind him on the sheet of my bed, I went outside to look at his stool to see if something he ate cut him a little, but his stool looked like jam and was bloody diarrhea. 
I was able to take him to the vet for an emergency appointment and his was diagnosed with HGE which can be/if fatal. He is in a fair amount of pain which is breaking my heart. 
I don’t have the money to take him into the vet again for his treatment of an overnight stay to push IV’s into his body, antibiotics. Which will cost a total of $500. I usually would be able to pay for this but ran into some personal family emergencies that wiped me out. 
I am asking if anyone has any ideas and tips on keeping him comfortable and as healthy as I can until I get paid on the 1st. 

Thank you for any advice given to me. I just want to make him feel as comfortable as possible until the 1st"
1092,DogAdvice,My dog (2 years old) is scared of my new puppy (10 weeks old),"My family just got a new puppy and our older dog is scared of him. Every time the new dog comes to play with the older dog the older dog runs away in fear, every time my older dog has a toy and the puppy comes running at him the older dog drops the toy and runs. 

The older dog seems to be depressed and is not eating his food like he used to and is now totally rejecting treats. We separate the dogs a lot so they can have alone time from each other and we always make the time to show the older dog love so he doesn’t feel left out or replaced 

How do I get my older dog to toughen up and will my older dog be depressed forever?"
1093,DogAdvice,my dog loves chewing the ends of this toy. can anyone reccommend something similiar?,
1094,DogAdvice,3yo Boston pooping in house,"My 3yo Boston Terrier is pooping in my in-laws house. The thing is, he does NOT do this anywhere else. Not at my house, not at my parents house, not at the cottage, at work, etc. It only happens when my in-laws are dog sitting him (which is every day - they watch him while I am at work). He only goes poo right by the front door. Nowhere else in the house. There are bells by all of the doors that he *knows* to press when he wants to go out for potty time (all of them have been tested and are fully functional). I'm at a loss on how to stop this behavior. When this first started happening I scheduled an appointment with the vet. She said there is nothing physically wrong with him and she doesn't have a clue why he's doing this. 

Advice? Recommendations on products to stop this? "
1095,DogAdvice,What are these small bugs crawling around my dogs butt?,
1096,DogAdvice,"my dog ""coughs"" after our long, fast walks. Only when we get home. sometimes she'll even throw up a little. It worries me, does anyone know what it could be? my theory is in post","You know when you're running and suddenly stop and become nauseous/throw up? I wonder if that's what's going on with her. I've tried slow walking for the last half mile of our walk and the ""coughing"" still happens. She doesn't cough while walking, only when we get home from the walk. The vet is expensive but is this worth it to bring her in for?"
1097,DogAdvice,How to get a dog used to wearing booties?,"Hi all. Sorry if this isn't the correct place to ask! I'd like to get my dog booties for the winter since he loves to go on walks. With all the loose gravel and salt laying on the road, I'd like to get him booties to help protect his paws and so they don't get too cold when in the snow. But I have a feeling he's going to hate having them on lol. Any suggestions/experiences with getting a dog used to wearing them, or is it better to just go bare paw?"
1098,DogAdvice,Deter my dog from jumping on couches,"I have a very stubborn shepherd that is really hard to train and she always jump and the couches and she’s like crazy. 

Any tip on spray or mixtures in order to get her NOT to sit on the furniture ? Ty"
1099,DogAdvice,"My Dog injured her Paw pad, info in comments",
1100,DogAdvice,Dog extra clingy,"We are a family of 7 people. My dog is very attached to my father in law and usually stays with him. We recently had a shirt 1 day trip leaving my father in law and him behind. Ever since we came back, he is not leaving my side for a minute. He just wants to be with me all the time, he needs all my attention, wants to sleep on my bed. He does not even want my husband to sleep with us. Should I be concerned about this? He has never shown such affection to anyone before. For reference, he has anxiety issues."
1101,DogAdvice,So you guys know what this is,
1102,DogAdvice,What are some better alternative treats for my dog?,"We have been feeding my dog a couple of good lovin treats, the pinks ears, maple ham bone, and rawhide rolls. We haven't had any problems, thankfully, but i have been seeing some stuff online saying that this selection of treats is bad, in specific the rawhide and ham bones. I was already aware that rawhide was bad for dogs, but as it said 100 percent digestible I just assumed it was made of something else with the rawhide part simply being a marketing ploy.  We have decided to stop giving him the ham bones since those are dangerous, but i was just wondering if the rawhide rolls are also bad? I have seen a couple of different companies do the same thing of saying something is 100 percent digestible rawhide such as better belly, are these claims legitimate or should i just switch to no hide? Sorry for how many questions there are, I'm kinda freaking out cause i dont want my dog to get sick LOL"
1103,DogAdvice,My dog likes outside more than inside,"Obviously my dog is an outside dog. but she has separation anxiety, so she will bark when she wants attention. I train and get her tired and she barely barks during the day until its time to eat dinner. she sometimes wants it early it seems. Thats not the problem though, she is quieter than the other dogs in our neighborhood that are around us and the most behaved big/medium dog on leash.

problem: she likes being outside more than in her crate at night.

explain: when it was warmer i'd have to pet her and then she'd get up to come in and be just fine during the night in her kennel, i dont force her in, she just walks into it with guidence.

now that its cold, we obviously dont want her to freeze outside. she has a dog enclosure she can safely be in with access always to water, a bed, and an igloo. when we bring her in for the night, she goes in as usual and then after a few moments of letting us sleep she starts whinning and barking. at first you'd think ""she just needs water"" or ""she needs a potty break."" well we did both of those, she didnt take the water (when she was a pup she tended to have water at night when she barked which is why i trued it this time) and she went pee. we bring her back in and then a few minutes later she is barking again. we eventually put her outside in the doggy pen and she goes right to sleep on her outside bed, then she wakes up whinning a bit (i assume she forgot it was cold outside til she woke up) and then she goes into her kennel and sleeps the rest of the night perfectly fine.

if we have an anxiety collar from the vet on her, she is better at night inside.

we dont want her to be cold outside. so we prefer her to be inside, but in the last 2 days, she prefers outside. we are working on getting a heating dog bed for her so she isnt cold but it would be nice to know is warmer inside.

her anxiety collar lasts 1 month so after that we have to schedule another, in between those days we dont want to be kept up all night trying to calm her down.

clarify: We do NOT want her outside in the cold. *she* chooses it.

anything we could do?

note: she is 8 yrs old, a Rottweiler, and she has had past seizures due to a mold allergy (affected us too. we moved since then) so the vet said we gotta be careful of the anxiety meds. she had us try some and it gave her a seizure so we stopped and the anxiety collar works great, no seizures."
1104,DogAdvice,Dog keeps licking this red bump in between his paws,
1105,DogAdvice,"New rescue and old pup-bonding? We’ve had our rescue for 2 weeks, poor guy hasn’t napped the whole time until the last two days where they both curl up on me like this… not quite touching yet but close! Here is to what I hope is a lifetime friendship between them!",
1106,DogAdvice,Is this something I should worry about I touched it doesn’t seem to hurt,
1107,DogAdvice,Advice on how to quickly settle a dog into moving homes?,
1108,DogAdvice,Belgian Malinois/m/5yrs/71lbs,
1109,DogAdvice,extremely dominant and aggressive dog,"Hello, I hope someone can help me or give me some advice.. 

I try to make it short and sum everything up.  

My dog is extremely dominant towards other dogs and horribly territorial, I really think that this is an extreme case. I adopted him over a year ago , he‘s 2 years old , castrated and 17 pounds (tiny) , don‘t know his breed, he‘s a mix, but really really beautiful and cute and looks like an angel actually but if he gets angry, he turns into a devil. 

The first months were horrible, he became more and more reactive, went totally crazy when we came close to other dogs, he barked at everything and got aggressive towards me in those moments of rage. I was so so desperate, we live in the city and there are so many dogs here, it was impossible to avoid them completely. Going on a walk with him was horrible, at home I spent my time watching videos and reading stuff etc, I was so exhausted.. i couldn‘t afford a dog trainer or anything so I had to do it on my own, I tried several stuff from counter conditioning, worked a lot with treats, in the end I did a mixture of everything and it got better with time.. 

so now I can go on a walk with him and actually enjoy it (at least most of the time). He gets alonh well with little dogs , females in general , he‘s extremely dominant though and also insecure, sometimes even anxious towards little dogs which is absurd, because when he see‘s a bigger male dog (not castrated worst case) he gets totally wild and its difficult for me to control him. 
In most cases I can handle him very well but there is particularly one dog which is his hate object nr 1 and he becomes this evil rage machine , it‘s really scary actually. I can‘t call it aggression because it doesn‘t describe it at all. In that state I cannot do much. I tell him to STOP It, try to make him sit, making eye contact , which works with other dogs that he doesn’t like but not with his hate objects (that one dog and especially huskies) Even when the dog is not in sight anymore he marks the ground like crazy , growling at the same time, raised hair from neck to tail… 

today we had this encounter in the morning, he went wild, I tried but couldn‘t control him, he bit me in the leg. I was so angry and so sad because I thought that we passed that shit already, it was a huge relapse. most people find it funny when he gets angry because he‘s little and cute , he always has this beauty bonus. In the first months I always tried to find excuses for this behaviour(he‘s traumatized etc , he was abandoned) but I think it‘s his extremely dominant attitude which has nothing to do with the past. On the other hand he‘s the cutest dog, he really is. 

What is really concerning for me is the level of rage and aggression , he goes from 0 to 10000, it also happened that he got along well with a dog and all of a sudden he got mad and attacked the other dog without any warning. He’s so unpredictable and I’m afraid that he could seriously harm another dog. Of course other owners find it funny because “cute little dog gets angry“ “don‘t worry, it‘s ok“.. no it‘s not. another big problem is the vet. We were three (!!!) people trying to control and hold him for one vaccine. I don‘t know what happens if he gets ill and needs treatment … even the vets said it to me “this is not normal. We have seen extrem cases of nervous and anxious dogs at the vet.“ 

I tried to get him used to a muzzle, we trained that but he gets paralized as soon as he wears it, he wouldn‘t move .. i don‘t think that wearing a muzzle is the solution, I wish it was. He also rejects any kind of collar, he turns into a depressed thing, he only wears a harness for walks. Don‘t know what he went through and why he hates other dogs so much. 
At home he‘s cute and I‘m happy with him, he sleeps at his place, no begging at the table (of course he tries but he goes back to his place when I tell him) , no destruction or aggression problems, he waits for my commando to start eating , no extrem barking only when excited for something.. one vet said to me that I should not give him affection, no petting, no cuddling, only one place for him, all rooms forbidden, basically only nos nos nos.. i mean, this is not the solution right? We have rules, like I wrote above, but I don‘t think that something would change for the better if I stopped petting him. 

I hope this wasn‘t too much.. it would be nice to hear other experiences , maybe someone knows something, I would appreciate that alot! Thank you!!"
1110,DogAdvice,"Hiccups for hours, vomits sometimes","Three year old hound. Every other day, he gets hiccups and sometimes vomits. Not sure, but vomiting may stop hiccups.

Any idea why, what to look for, and other general advice?"
1111,DogAdvice,Puppy got her shots and now the bottom of her tail/back is bothering her A LOT. Is this just normal post shots?,"13 week old puppy got her second round and now she cries every time I pick her up or try and pet her. The sensitive area seems to be the bottom of her tail. Should I be concerned? Or is it just normal for her to have some tenderness around there after shots? I thought it would be more her hip than her tail. Was thinking about calling the vet in the morning but wanted to see if anybody else has had a similar thing with their dog. 

Another slight concern, she isn’t crazy about her food. All my puppies in the past have been food crazy and she just eats however much she wants (less than the bag suggests) and then walks away from it. She’s a healthy weight and is growing fast. Just curious if this is concerning or a good sign that she only eats if she’s hungry."
1112,DogAdvice,Growths on toes ( more in comments),
1113,DogAdvice,Watching a second dog for the holiday - Any Tips?,"Hi folks -- I'm watching a friend's dog for the week. My 1-year old pup and this 6-year old pup have met and socialized a few times (one at my place, a couple of times at theirs, and once out on a ""family hike"") and while they have different energy levels have played a bit and everything has been okay. However, I'd still like folks' tips/advice on how to make sure the week goes as smoothly as possible. I don't have guests over a ton, and though neither dog has shown any hint of being territorial, my pup is a little bit of an attention hog (in particular hogging any dog/human third party attention)."
1114,DogAdvice,My dog is acting anxious about being inside because of flies?,"I have a 10 year old lab/husky mix who has always been a very… emotional, dog.  He picks up on vibes, gets depressed if it’s not a nice day out, extra anxious with loud noises, etc.  However recently he’s been acting like he’s afraid to be inside.  At first we thought it was because his ear was bothering him but we’ve cleaned his ear up now and he’s still acting like this.  Then when he sees a fly he jumps up and runs off when it didn’t even really fly near him.  Flies have been getting in the house a lot lately but it’s getting to a point with the dog where he refuses to come inside and we have to chase him around the yard to leash him and bring him in after he’s been out for so long.  He’ll tremble and have his tail tucked and we can’t figure out how to calm him because we’re not even 100% sure it or the flies causing this reaction.  He isn’t afraid of them when he’s outside and they buzz around him but inside is different for some reason.  I just don’t know if maybe it’s the flies or if something else medically is going on with him maybe?  And then if it is the flies I don’t know how to calm him.
We just don’t know what to do and are really worried"
1115,DogAdvice,Spot appeared 10 days ago and is getting bigger.,This is a 75 lb neutered female lab. She doesn’t seem to notice this spot. It first appeared as the hair slightly lighter in color but now the hair is much lighter and very course. The skin underneath looks darker than the surrounding area. Anyone have an idea what this might be?
1116,DogAdvice,Small white lump on dogs paw pad feels like a little pimple,
1117,DogAdvice,Hard lump under skin of my 8 month old Great Pyrenees,Hi! New dog owner here. Got my 8 month old male GP about 2 months ago. He is an outside working dog on a farm. Today I noticed while petting him a hard lump about the size and shape of a lipstick tube on his left shoulder blade. I've never noticed it before and I spend a lot of time out there with him petting him. At first I thought it was a bone protruding but nothing similar on the other side. I pressed hard on it and he did not react so it doesn't seem like it is causing him pain but I am concerned about him. He is not limping or anything and is eating and drinking and acting normal. Any advice on what it could be?
1118,DogAdvice,"Dog ate paper muffin wrapper 1.5 days ago, seems fine but hasn’t passed it.","Advice needed- our 20 pound Westie ate a banana nut muffin wrapper Sunday morning (1.5 days ago). We have been monitoring her and she’s her normal self. She pooped yesterday evening and this morning and both were normal. Her appetite has been good.

Overnight she did throw up a little in her crate which she does from time to time (tends to randomly eat things on our back patio) and she did not poop yet this evening.

Is she ok if it doesn’t pass? Is it possible it is dissolving? It was just a standard paper wrapper on the muffin. We are supposed to travel for thanksgiving tomorrow and she is supposed to be at her daycare place for the week.  Not sure of what to do here."
1119,DogAdvice,3yo female was spayed 16 days ago. does her wound look ok? she is booked into the vets for tomorrow as she seems to still be in pain but I'm not sure if it's the spay or something else...,
1120,DogAdvice,Came home and realized my dog has the really big mark under his eye that appears to be a scratch any idea what this may be?,
1121,DogAdvice,"The dog has been vomiting whole food for two days, is it worrying? (Ate rice at lunch",
1122,DogAdvice,How do I build confidence cutting black dog's nails?,"This is just after a trim, and I trim regularly. But her nails are just so black!! I feel like I don't take enough length off, but I'm terrified of hitting her quick. I know the visual 'tricks'to determine when you're close to the quick but I still feel like a ball of anxiety trying to avoid hitting it. She also just has a stupid long quick, even when she gets professionally groomed &amp; has her nails dremeled they're still pretty long. She is good about trims, it's me that has the issue."
1123,DogAdvice,Leaking fluid from paws,"My 13yo boxer pit mix has some issues with swelling and fluid retention. He’s seen two different vets, one charged us $800 to tell us they don’t know what’s going on, the other said heart cancer and he would die in a few weeks. This was about a year and a half ago. Normally he swells up for about a week, then pees it all out. This time is worse, the swelling isn’t going down like it normally does. He is leaking a clear fluid from his paws, and it’s like a lot. The vet can’t get him in until next week, and I refuse to go back to the emergency vet who told us they didn’t know. I don’t know what to do for him, the person from the vets office I spoke to didn’t seem like she believed that he was actually leaking from his paws. What could it even be?"
1124,DogAdvice,Adorable names for a pomeranian/spitz?,"I'm getting a little boy on Sunday and need to think of names, he's a fluff ball and looks like a teddy bear.

I like names that are very cute sounding, I'm not a huge fan of human names unless it's something that it still cute like Koda, milo or has two names in one like teddy/short for Ted.

But yeah feel free to comment name ideas for my baby 🥰"
1125,DogAdvice,Do dogs always bleed when on their period?,"My stepmoms 1.5 y/o ShitPu has never bled, she’s shown other signs of being in heat though on occasions ie: licking vulva, enlarged/pinker vulva, hormonal changes like being extra needy, annoying my dog more etc.. it does all happen at the same time the only thing she’s never done is bled.  Just wondering if this is normal as my own dog was spayed when i rescued her and all previous dogs were male so im not experienced with dog periods. tia"
1126,DogAdvice,Can/should I introduce my puppy to my mom’s dogs and let him out in the yard?,"I just got a puppy (my first ever pup). He is 8.5 weeks old. I have a rescue dog that is 7 (I have had him for 2.5 years). I introduced the pup and my dog just a few days ago. They have been doing well together so far, though they are always supervised of course and are separated at night or when I have to go to work.

Its important to note that my pup is working on potty training using puppy pads and hasn’t touched grass yet (or really been outside). 

I am going to my parents’ house for Thanksgiving this week. My parents have two dogs and a large fenced in yard. My pup has had his first round of puppy shots (after which I introduced him to my dog). He will be getting his second round before I go to my parents’ house. 

My questions are, should I let him outside in their fenced in yard under supervision for a short amount of time (so he can touch grass and explore some) or should I keep him in the room I’ll be staying in, in isolation? Also, should I allow him to be introduced to my parents’ dogs? All of our dogs are up to date on shots and monthly flea/tick/work medications. I just don’t want to overwhelm the little guy and since this is my first puppy I wanted to ask. TIA"
1127,DogAdvice,OTC treatment for moist dermatitis in palliative dog,"Hi! 

My parents have an elderly shih tzu with heart failure, and while she's on medication for that, the plan is to let her go peacefully on her own time. Taking her to the vet upsets her so much that they just automatically refill her meds for her without visits, since the clinic doesn't do tele visits

She isn't fat but has this big fold on her butt, right above her tail, and from the smell and look of it, it seems to be moist dermatitis. While I'm visiting them, I'm gently drying the fold when I can, but I'm at a loss as to what kind of otc powder I can get for her. The vet won't prescribe anything without seeing her, I can't find anyone who will see a new patient over telehealth, and the only experience I have with this was resolved with Neo-Predef powder. 

She doesn't seem to be in pain, but I don't want it to get to the point where she is. Any advice?"
1128,DogAdvice,Is this type of play friendly? The neck stuff always makes me nervous so we give them a break when that happens but would love for it to completely stop,
1129,DogAdvice,"Interested in buying puppy, found out hes been taken away from mother early.","So I've had my heart set on this puppy from the moment I saw him, he's a pomchi currently 5 weeks.

Now I've been speaking to the breeders, and have found out he's been taken away from the mother early as she stopped producing milk.. I'm assuming around 4 weeks. He was given to them due to them owning the dad (the stud) which means puppy hasn't been completely alone and has had dad with him.

However, I am now very concerned.. this would be my first time owning a puppy and although I am going to do training I'm worried this may be a bad idea.

Is it likely he will have issues? He has been with dad"
1130,DogAdvice,Dog ear tip is bleeding,"Hello, 

My dog (1.5 year old hound mix) has had on/off scabbing on the tip of his ear for the past few months. At first, I dismissed it as a simple nip from another dog that he plays with, but it seems to reoccur in the same location on the same ear. He is not an outdoor dog, and is up to date on all his vaccines and heartworm + tick meds. 

The spot is small, about 4-5mm across, and bleeds occasionally. When it is scabbed over, it is a hard, crystal-like feeling that is noticeable. Additionally, my dog yelps a bit if I handle the scab. 

I cleaned it up with soap and water, and got these pics: https://imgur.com/a/jqBodtL

Any ideas what this could be? And, any ideas what could help? It seems to heal and go away, only to crop up again a few months later in the same spot. 

Thanks!"
1131,DogAdvice,How to start my dog in daycare?,"I have a 3 year lab/cattle dog mix. She is THE sweetest, kind, easygoing dog. However she doesn’t play fetch with any toy I tried, she doesn’t play with other toys she has, the two things she likes are dog parks (even then she is picky with the dogs there) or playing/running/walking with me. I usually walk her 3 miles a day and take her to the park for min an hour on top of that. However with winter coming up and daylight savings time, it’s now dark when we wake up and dark when I get home, I tried the dog park but there’s nobody there after sunset, and to top it off coyotes have been coming into the city and I’m scared to venture far in the dark. As it is, I can’t tire her and while she is a good girl and doesn’t destroy anything while I’m at work, I wanna make her as happy as possible and I see how full of energy she is on our walks.

So I finally caved in, did my research and found a good daycare. But I don’t know how to go about this. My dog and I have never been really apart, I occasionally ask friends to dogsit her but always at my place. She is very uncomfortable in new environments, twice we did sleepovers at a friend’s house and she was very agitated in the evening to go home, she even peed on the carpet and didn’t ‘speak to me’ the whole time. If we go on a day visit and I leave the room/house briefly (to go to the car for example) she barks and cries and tries her hardest to follow me. I know once she gets used to the daycare she’ll have a blast. As a puppy she had a lot of separation anxiety. So I don’t want to just take her to the daycare and leave her there and trigger something day 1. I don’t want her to feel abandoned. This is the primary reason I avoided daycares for the past 3 years. 

Any advice on how to go about this?"
1132,DogAdvice,Dog ate wrong medicine,"My 50 pound Australian Shepard takes 37.5mg of deramaxx daily. Well this morning while feeding her her medicine, my 16 Pound Boston ran in and ate it when she dropped it. Should I be concerned about this? That is a big weight difference and I know the medicine goes by weight."
1133,DogAdvice,My dog randomly stopped humping? Is this normal?,"Hi y’all! First time posting here. 

I have a 2.5 year old pug. Ever since the day we brought him home he’s “humped” normally once a day lol. He has a blanket that he likes to hump and he’s just always done it. Yes he still needs to be neutered, he’s never around other dogs but we still need to for health purposes. (I saw posts in a pug group about pugs somewhat commonly dying under anesthesia so I’m honestly just so scared.) Anyways, we went on a 4 day trip where we boarded him at the same place we always do, and he seems to do just fine there. Last time we picked him up, they told us he was humping his bed alot but this time they did not. We’ve now been back for 7 days and he has not humped his bed or blanket at all. Of course I suppose he could be doing it when I’m not home, but I’m home more often than not and he’s never seemed to desire the privacy before lol. All of his other behavior is normal (eating, peeing/pooping, playing etc) Obviously I’m not mad that this behavior has gone away, but I am worried and hoping it’s normal to just stop all of the sudden. My husband thinks I’m ridiculous for worrying but seeking some opinions. Thank you so much. 😊"
1134,DogAdvice,"Looking for general tips on how to resolve a situation with a neighbor, train my dog better, and know my rights with animal control.","Hello, so I have a 30lb dog that lives in an apartment complex. He is generally sweet and well behaved but he is a territorial barker and doesn’t really understand why so many people live right outside of our house. He has never attempted to bite anyone but he can sound very scary when he barks. He will pull on the leash and bark. We have has a few run ins with the next door neighbor and us leaving at the exact same time because our doors are 2 feet apart. 

Anyways she is fed up and scared of him even though he’s never done anything- she is claiming he’s tried to bite her on multiple occasions and reporting animal control because she claims we have no control over him. In my opinion this is just a straight up lie, but I could imagine how an aggressive sounding dog that we are holding on the leash might seem like he’s “trying to bite” when he’s pulling towards you. We have introduced them in the past and he always tries to hide behind us when she gets close. 

Regardless though, I want to be a better neighbor and curb my dogs excessive barking and territorial attitude because I’m aware it’s obnoxious as hell for everyone. Currently we do some treat training where we calmly sit him down and close his mouth and give a treat when he settles down, but it is not working fast enough. I think a muzzle is probably appropriate at this point if only for us to look better as far as taking action with the situation. I don’t think her accusations are fair, but I want to do more to be on the safe side. Has anyone dealt with any situations like this?"
1135,DogAdvice,What are some ways to care for dog with mast cell tumors?,"Hi all. I'm looking for advice from others who have had a dog with inoperable mast cell tumors. Back in June my dog (11) had surgery to remove one and it was a grade 3. Margins were clean and there was spread to one lymph which was also removed. Even after two different chemo medications, she's developed new tumors which aren't operable. She's not responding to chemo so we've decided to focus on her quality of life. The tumors haven't slowed her down. She still loves her walks, gets excited for dinner time, and wants to chase whatever little animals she sees in our yard. I want her to enjoy whatever time she has left. She's 11 after all. I'm working with my vet to keep her comfortable and happy. 

If you've had experience with this, what are some ways to care for a dog with this disease? My main concern is cleaning and caring for any ulcerated tumors. I know that my vet can advise me on this but I wanted to seek out advice and experiences from anyone who has gone through this.

Thank you!"
1136,DogAdvice,What should I do about my dog over the holidays?,"TL;DR leave my dog at an Airbnb close by, doggie daycare, or leave him at home but he’ll be alone for longer periods of time. 


Christmas is coming up and I’m still trying to figure out what would be the best way to take care of my dog while at family gatherings. Will be going to one family function on Christmas Eve, and another on Christmas Day. They are both close to each other, but far enough from my house that we will likely be staying over at my mom’s house for the two days.



My dog is quite well behaved when visiting other people, but can’t go to the Christmas Eve gathering because they have cats, and he can’t come to the Christmas Day because my sister has pretty bad allergies and a small baby, and is also scared of Coop a bit (he’s very sweet but very big and very hairy). I could probably fight to bring him but I don’t want my sister to be uncomfortable at Christmas.



Anyway, I’m not really sure what I’m going to do with my dog. He is really good 99% of the time, but will sometimes steal something and resource guard it, so I don’t feel comfortable leaving him at a daycare. We once got a friend to watch him for a week while we were on vacation and he was so bad, that my friend was literally scared of him and we had to get a family member pick him up midweek. (Had a different friend watch him once but that friend I guess was experienced with resource guarding so was able to handle it). But it seems like he acts up when he’s with unfamiliar people in an unfamiliar place. He usually is watched by my partners family when we go away (he grew up with them in that house so they never have any trouble) but they are going to be at the Christmas Eve gathering, and will have their own thing on Christmas Day. 



My mom has offered to watch him while we are away for Christmas Eve, but then I’ll still need to find somewhere for him to go on Christmas Day. 



Options are: I have booked a dog friendly Airbnb near my mom’s house that we could bring him to so we can easily go and visit / walk him a few times that day. Im just worried he will be really stressed in an unfamiliar house by himself and destroy something (he’s hasn’t had separation anxiety at our house). 



Or we leave him at our place and just go home each night but Coop will be by himself for two full days and I don’t think that’s really fair for him. 



There are also “doggie suites” in my mom’s area, sort of like a daycare, but alone. But you have to do a consultation as well as a “doggie daycare trial”, so we’d have to get that done before the holidays start. 



Ideally, my mom’s friend lives practically next door and we could potentially leave Coop there (she has a dog as well so it’s all dog proofed), but only if she is away for Christmas because while our dogs do get along, it’s still always a risk with two dogs in the same house. But it would be so nice if we could use her house because we could pop in and out super easily throughout the day and my family loves a Christmas walk. 



Does anyone have any advice, or tips? All is appreciated !!"
1137,DogAdvice,Slipped or possible ruptured disc,"Yelp of pain coupled with low and tentative mobility on Thursday, vet appointment on Friday couldn’t figure out what was wrong and we were sent home with anti inflammatory and pain meds. 
Went to emergency today as he was visibly distressed and vet immediately knew it was either a slipped or ruptured disc. Sent home with heavy pain meds and crating orders apart from toilet break every 4ish hours. 
If no improvement in 2-3 days he needs to have spinal surgery. 
I’m so scared, worried, paranoid and an emotional wreck. Has anyone been in a similar situation? Any happy stories? Please."
1138,DogAdvice,My dog (11 months old) cannot swim,"So let’s start this post off by saying I haven’t had her the whole time and was born during quarentine so had never left the house, so definitely had no idea how to even attempt swimming or what a beach was, but needless to say I was in the pool one day with said dog and carrying her to the edge just to test if she knew anything about swimming (which she didn’t, but was close to steps so it didn’t matter) and I let her go but was right next to her and she was moving her front legs but not back, and just ended up sinking, so any advice on how to help her how to swim?"
1139,DogAdvice,"Found a freezing pup outside, now what?","Last night around 1:30am, my friend and I found a pup wandering around outside, freezing cold, without a collar. We got her inside, fed and watered, a nice warm bath, and lots of pets and attention. She’s curled up, sleeping cozily now. 

I’ve never had a dog before… the largest animal I’ve had is a cat… and I don’t want to mess things up. So… help? 

I plan to take her to the vet tomorrow for a check up, and to see if she has one of those scanner ID chips implanted. If not, I’ll post flyers around my neighborhood to see if anyone is missing her. 

She was terrified, starving, and smelled like stale urine when we found her. And she’s got a kind of rust-colored rash under her neck where a collar should’ve been. She hasn’t really made any noise, and is incredibly sweet. She stopped shaking from fear after the bath, and even managed to have some playful tippy taps when she met my cat (who is not amused). 

No idea what breed she is… see the Imgur album below. 

Thank you for any help you lovely folks are willing to provide! 

https://imgur.com/a/4rLcS2I"
1140,DogAdvice,9 year old pomchi now has a bald spot,"Hi! A few months ago I had my dog groomed, and noticed she was then scratching a bit more often, I attributed this to the shampoo, and did some treatments as she has dry skin. She got wrapped up in my shirt a few nights ago, so I started looking at her back in an attempt to detangle her, and noticed this tiny bald spot forming. She’s not scratching the affected area, but she is licking it. Behavior is normal otherwise with no issues eating or drinking. Is there anything I can do to provide her some relief and prevent her from licking the area and irritating it further?"
1141,DogAdvice,"Dog paw lump from litel and white to big and red. Vet appointment scheduled, what might it be?",
1142,DogAdvice,Introducing new puppy (4 mos) to my dog (5 y/o),"We brought a puppy home during the first week of November. She's a Shih Tzu who came from a kennel, before being brought to the province where we went to get her. We decided to bring our 5 y/o dog (who's a Shih Tzu too) so they can meet at a neutral place. 

At home, the puppy often bumps into our Shih Tzu, runs towards her, and signals that she wants to play. Our Shih Tzu always runs away and asks my mom to carry her away from the puppy. Sometimes she goes up to my parents' room and hides just so the puppy won't find her. Do you have any tips on how they can get along better and how we can get our Shih Tzu to warm up to the puppy?"
1143,DogAdvice,"I got this from the Livestock section of my pet supply store. Biggest recommendation for a boofy doofus. It tastes bad so no licking and it is antiseptic so we don't need to worry about running to te vet over every minor cut or scratch. She does not like it, but accepts in exchange for chicken feet.",
1144,DogAdvice,Doggie therapy?,"I recently adopted a dog. She’s a 4 year old boxer, bulldog mix and she’s just the sweetest dog on the planet and she’s already so comfortable in my home. She showed absolutely no signs of abuse until today. My boyfriend found a switch blade earlier that day. We we’re standing in the kitchen while he was cleaning and fixing the faulty button that would release the blade. He got it working and the blade popped out. This poor dog went from laying contently on the ground to staring and the blade. She sat and looked at it for a minute before getting up, peeing herself, then hiding behind the table. She was still staring at us while I took the knife and threw it away. I went to get paper towels to clean the pee and when I turned she had her tail tucked, licking the urine. Of course she didn’t get in trouble for doing this. I kept saying in a gentle voice “what’s wrong?” so she didn’t feel like she did something bad. She is fully house broken and has always scratched at the door when she needs to go out. I had my boyfriend lead her to another room while I cleaned so she didn’t lick it anymore. This was extremely heart breaking to see. She’s such a sweet gentle dog. It there anything I can do to help heal this poor babies traumatic past?"
1145,DogAdvice,a doggie got hurt,"i dog sit at my home every now and then as a side hustle. i’ve recently started because i just moved into a home with a fenced in backyard. i have pet sitting insurance that i recently acquired as well. 
i’m watching my friends 2 dogs, 1 of which has known my dog for many years and they have played together a few times in the past. she asked me to watch her dogs while she goes out of town for holiday. 
earlier, i was supervising them in the backyard. they all have a similar energy level and play pretty rough. they were rolling around on top of each other, and suddenly one is bleeding profusely and i can’t tell from where. nothing malicious happened at all. turns out, the tip of the one dogs ear was cut, maybe from a nail or a tooth that was flailing around (like i said there was no malicious chomping action). dog ears are all veins and capillaries so the bleeding is intense and never ending. at first when i cleaned her up it was just a little nick, not even a CM long. she continued to fuss with it and shake her head every time i tried to clean it, thus opening it more, and eventually splitting it. i bought things to slow the bleeding and wrap it up, and put a cone on her. i’m taking her to the vet first thing in the morning and it’s going to cost me around $300. she’s not in any pain, seemingly, but i feel terrible. this has never happened before and it was a freak accident. i have kept the owner informed and she isn’t upset with me at all, she knows her dogs play rough and she mentioned she was surprised they hadn’t hurt each other before. 
is there anything i’m missing here that i need to do? will my pet sitting insurance reimburse me for the vet fees?"
1146,DogAdvice,Dog at 3 chocholate chip cookies,Im taking her to the vet tomorrow but my mom is freaking out. Is there anything else I should do
1147,DogAdvice,Four year old dog suddenly acting out?,"
We have a four year old Shiba Inu named Chai. We have had him since he was 8 weeks old, and he is generally a very good boy. Of course, being a shiba, he has his ‘quirks,’ but when it comes to training and behavior, he has been a very good boy for four years now. 

He has also usually shown to be very adaptable. We have moved a couple of times since we got him, and he has also adapted through a lot of job/routine changing. He has always readjusted extremely quickly and well, honestly he’s really a trooper. 

But, out of nowhere ( for him ), he’s starting to act out. I’d like to ask you all to keep open and understanding minds as you read this! And know that I have years of experience with dog owning and training, and I know ‘objective’ solutions for some of the issues we’re having — im just a little stressed and overwhelmed and wondering if anyone has any constructive insight!

We recently moved again, about two months ago now. And in fact, the place we moved into provides a much nicer situation for Chai. And as he usually does, he adjusted very very quickly to the new place! He was doing amazing. 

Until I started my new job, about three weeks ago. Before this, I worked a full time job, and Chai was very used to being in a crate when I was at work — my new job is no different. 

But since the very first night after starting my new job, Chai has been whining in his crate. He has /never/, truly never, done that before. Not even a couple years ago when our life was extremely unstable and we had almost no routine. Now, we are stable, and we do have routine — but Chai seems to have almost regressed? 

Since my fiancé is at home most of the time, Chai pretty much only has to be crated at night. I wait until the last possible minute before I go to bed to put him in there, giving him as much time outside of the crate as I can. He usually doesn’t go to bed til at least 1 am. I’ll even stay up later than I should just for his sake, since he suddenly hates being in there so much. He whines immediately when he goes in, and goes on for about an hour or so. And then, he whines again at like five in the morning, and continues to do so off and on until I get up. 

I’ve tried getting up to let him go potty, and then locking him back up, and he’ll keep whining, so I know that isn’t the problem. 

And again, this only started when I started working again. For the first month in the new house, he didn’t make a peep in his crate, no fuss whatsoever — which is his normal. But now he’s not only keeping himself awake with the whining, but he’s disturbing our sleep too, and I work a very mentally and physically exhausting job — needless to say, I’m definitely getting frustrated and confused. And very tired lol. 

Today, he has absolutely blown my mind with a new ‘regression.’ We use the Place command for him for when we aren’t able to supervise him — if one of us is nearby and can keep sort of an eye on him, he does as he pleases. But when we’re preoccupied and in a different part of the house, we put him on Place. Just like with his crate, he has always been an extremely good boy for years about this. He has always seemed to even enjoy the routine, he gets excited to go on Place and he loves to curl up and snooze. 

But today, he has broken Place /four/ times in a row. The first time I wrote off as a fluke, thought maybe he needed to pee, but I still put him back on Place and released him myself, let him outside for a while, and then put him back. 

A few minutes later, I heard the clicking of his claws on the floor, and I was a little flabbergasted. He really /never/ does this. I put him back on Place. 

This has happened two more times. He doesn’t seem to be attempting to do anything specific when he gets up, like he isn’t going to the door to get out, he isn’t sniffing around the kitchen like he does when he’s hungry. He’s just trotting around or lying on the couch or something aimless. 

I know I’ve rambled on, and I know, being a dog group, people will have some most likely strong, owner-attacking opinions 💚 ( I’ve worked with dogs and dog people for over ten years, and I know how dog people are — especially on the internet! ) I just ask, again, that you guys try to understand that I know my dog, I know how to work with dogs, and I know logical solutions to these problems. I’m just struggling to understand where they’re coming from. I have never ever expected a ‘perfect’ dog, there’s no such thing, and I’ve always been very understanding of the misbehaviors he has normally has throughout his life. But these new things, his very sudden crate training and place training regressions, are important things and they’re very tiring. If this were a new dog, or a dog I didn’t know, or a dog who I know has had bad experiences with these things ( etc ), it would make a lot more sense to me. But Chai has only ever known crate and place training, and if anything, those two routines have been the more consistently stable things that he knows!"
1148,DogAdvice,"Painful back paws, Shiba Inu",
1149,DogAdvice,Looking for the best dogs suited for an apartment! Thank you,
1150,DogAdvice,I have a 12 year old diabetic pug and just need any help moving forward for his health and well being. Anything i can research or any advice is welcomed. Ive had him since he was born. I just want the rest of his days as comfortable as possible. #doglove #veterinarian #vet #foryoupage,
1151,DogAdvice,What is this skin affliction? 13 y/o shitzu,
1152,DogAdvice,Cyst on paw? Advice.,"- epsom salt soaking doesn’t work
- limps, but still able to walk"
1153,DogAdvice,Weimaraner foot problem,
1154,DogAdvice,Puppy won’t eat,"Hi guys. I have a puppy who when she was little 2-3 months would eat like her life depends on it and now at 7 months I have to beg and barter for her to finish even a quarter of her daily serving size. She’s been to the vet regularly and she’s fine, just uninterested. Does it just taste bad? Am I spoiling her too much?"
1155,DogAdvice,Just need to vent,"This is Mabel. We agreed to foster her a week ago (our third dog, first time fostering). We think she was born on the streets, pregnant and delivered puppies a couple of months ago. LOVES people and other dogs. All good.

But she is extremely needy. Likes to jump on us to get attention. Regardless of what we're doing at the moment. She also playfully nips at our feet, shoes and sometimes arms. She's intense. 

The trainer suggested this wire pen and it's been pretty useful. The idea is to keep her settled in one place during times we can't play with her. She goes in willingly but whines once whatever treat we lured her in with is finished.

I feel for her and care for her, but she's EXHAUSTING. Hoping we eventually alter her behavior enough so that either we can keep her or get her placed in a loving home."
1156,DogAdvice,Is it normal for a groomer to buzz the hair off the testicles? This was only my second time going to the groomer and they didn’t do this last time. They buzzed so close they look raw. Is this ok or am I right to be upset?,
1157,DogAdvice,dog being aggressive ever since little sister arrived.,"we have had my rottweiler(rocky) for around 4 and a half years now and recently my little sister was born. ever since shes been in the house he hasnt taken to her at all, he always barks at her bares his teeth to her, marks on all her stuff and sometimes nips her hands when she gets too close and he even steals her food but he doesnt do that to anyone else. but today he really bit her, she was playing with her toys near the gate which he was on the other side of and one of her toys fell through, and when she tried to get it back he bit at her hand and her hand went all red and she was crying, i have never seen her cry like that unless she is seriously hurt. no skin was broken but she has never even touched him or harmed him in any way so i dont know why he would react this way, he is also rather aggressive to me sometimes when i have food in my hands and barks and growls when i am running around with my little sister and entertaining her. my mother refuses to even get him training even though he is so aggressive and untrained and i am sick of him biting me and my sister and barking every time the neighbours go out, sometimes he barks non stop all night when i have school in the morning and its starting to seriously get in ny nerves. please i just need some advice on what to do."
1158,DogAdvice,Are these things I should develop a training plan for?,"I've only had experience with an extremely reactive dog so I want to make sure I'm not overkill for this pup. And learn the difference between ""eh this is a minor issue I shouldn't micromanage"" and ""this is a real issue that should be tackled proactively."" 

We go on solo walks all the time and I introduce her to other people and other dogs. She's a little nervous around dogs but LOVES people. But sometimes she'll see (not meet) one person and just decide she doesn't like them. She doesn't pull or lunge. Just a clear sort of ""stay away from me"" bark. But it's so rare. Not even once a day that I'm confused on how to handle it. It's not even the same look, race, gender or clothing that sets her off though they trend more towards elderly women. And not even the same person every time. I've kinda of just let it slide as far as training. I apologize and we'll move to the side to let that person go through. Dogs are beings too right? They're gonna just not like someone sometimes like I do. But because she locks onto that person she doesn't like, it spooks them a bit. She'll do her one warning barking and then as they walk past she'll bark a 2-3 time more if I don't redirect her. Again, no lunging or anything. I often use treats to break her attention. But is that the best option? Because I am unsure how I can decrease her random, yet infrequent reactivity and make her more comfortable.

Final thing is her ""confirmation"" barking. She's otherwise very quiet and I live in an apartment. She sleeps in the bed with me and when I give her the command to come up to the bed at night, she does a single loud bark and comes over. Like a ""okay I hear you."" or ""On my way!"" thing. I'm worried it may wake up the neighbor in the middle of the night. During the day she doesn't confirmation bark like that. I don't get it. What are your thoughts on handling that?"
1159,DogAdvice,Bee sting? Spider bite?,"Two and a half year old female black lab ... phone call to her vet suggested an e-colar for a few days.

Bee sting, big bite, maybe?"
1160,DogAdvice,Nee sting? Spider bite?,"Two and a half year old female black lab ... phone call to her vet suggested an e-colar for a few days.

Bee sting, maybe?"
1161,DogAdvice,How do I curve this behavior,If anyone could help me curve this behavior I would really appreciate if anyone could help he charges on site but he is very friendly
1162,DogAdvice,Dog is weirdly aggressive,My dog has been with us for 3 weeks he is super friendly twords people and other dogs when me or my girlfriend are around when someone walks by in the house he will charge at them and then when that person Sudues my dog he is able to pet him and he’s very friendly how do I get this behavior to stop he’s a great dog he also shakes when this happens so I know it’s a fear response
1163,DogAdvice,"Abused Dog, AC Won’t Help","There is a very large family around the corner from my daughter’s house that got a large breed puppy about 6 months ago. From the day they brought the dog home, it has been locked alone in an outdoor enclosure. He/she is never taken out of this 6’x6’ enclosure. One side is chain link, and it is covered by a roof but still exposed to the elements due to the chain link side. 

My daughter and her GF tried speaking to the family there, but a language barrier prevented any meaningful dialogue, and they were eventually told to leave. They then called animal control, who came out and checked on the dog, and then told my daughter that because the dog had food, water, and shelter, and was not chained for extended periods of time that there was nothing they could do. 

I’ve walked past this poor animal while walking my daughter’s dog and it breaks my heart. He/she whines piteously and claws endlessly at the cement beneath the chain link gate. 

I have moved on to considering other options to liberate this dog. What is the right thing to do here, morally? The dog is well-fed and hydrated, it’s coat is clean and nails trimmed. However, mentally I am certain the dog is in unbearable anguish. It hurts me physically and I don’t know what to do. My daughter and her GF have started walking their dog in other parts of the neighborhood because passing this animal is too painful. 

What is the moral option here? How can I help this dog? We are in WA state if that helps."
1164,DogAdvice,How to correct my dog when she charges and barks at people.," Hi  everyone. I have a two-year-old lab. She's a wonderful dog. She was a  joy to train and i feel that I have very clear lines of communication  with her. She has a very balanced temperament (even though she was a  little timid in her first year) and handles 98 percent of interactions,  both with humans and dogs, very well. She has never bitten or shown  signs of aggression in any form other than what i describe below. She  also has a pretty rock solid recall. All in all, a very well-behaved and  good-natured lab. Not untypical.

However, lately a problem has emerged and i don't really understand what causing it or what to do about it when it happens.

I  should say firstly for context that i'm from the UK and this happens  while off lead in the park. In UK parks, it's generally permitted and  understood that dogs will be off lead. There are very few dog specific  parks. The park in question is very, very large.

In  short - Very occasionally, she will charge and bark at people. I know  that she would never attack, but of course the people on the receiving  end do not. She has a pretty scary bark and when she bares her teeth I  appreciate that she could be pretty frightening. She will charge and  stop 5 feet from them, take the space, hackles up and intensely bark a  few times and then return to me. It strikes me very much as 'get away  from us!'. When it happens, she ignores her 'Stop' command (which  usually makes her stop and sit immediately) and ignores her recall  command. This usually all happens in 5 seconds or so.

I've  noticed a few common triggers - People who are concealed and then  reveal themselves, for example, from behind a tree. Also people who are  behaving erratically. Occasionally (and hugely embarrassingly) people  whose faces are covered with veils. It also happens when people have bad  energies. For example, sometime i will spot someone a little physically  intimidating or something walking towards us and even though i don't   change my behaviour or signal my nervousness to her, she picks out the  same person and barks.

I think  there is a logic to it from her perspective. It seems pretty defensive  in nature. However, in my book, this is unacceptable and there is no  excuse. Especially to ignore her stop and recall commands.

Do any of you guys have any thoughts on what this new behaviour might be about and how to best deal with it when it occurs?

Thanks so much.

(edit - Happy to answer any questions in the comments)

#"
1165,DogAdvice,How to correct my dog when she charges and barks at people.," Hi  everyone. I have a two-year-old lab. She's a wonderful dog. She was a  joy to train and i feel that I have very clear lines of communication  with her. She has a very balanced temperament (even though she was a  little timid in her first year) and handles 98 percent of interactions,  both with humans and dogs, very well. She has never bitten or shown  signs of aggression in any form other than what i describe below. She  also has a pretty rock solid recall. All in all, a very well-behaved and  good-natured lab. Not untypical.

However, lately a problem has emerged and i don't really understand what causing it or what to do about it when it happens.

I  should say firstly for context that i'm from the UK and this happens  while off lead in the park. In UK parks, it's generally permitted and  understood that dogs will be off lead. There are very few dog specific  parks. The park in question is very, very large.

In  short - Very occasionally, she will charge and bark at people. I know  that she would never attack, but of course the people on the receiving  end do not. She has a pretty scary bark and when she bares her teeth I  appreciate that she could be pretty frightening. She will charge and  stop 5 feet from them, take the space, hackles up and intensely bark a  few times and then return to me. It strikes me very much as 'get away  from us!'. When it happens, she ignores her 'Stop' command (which  usually makes her stop and sit immediately) and ignores her recall  command. This usually all happens in 5 seconds or so.

I've  noticed a few common triggers - People who are concealed and then  reveal themselves, for example, from behind a tree. Also people who are  behaving erratically. Occasionally (and hugely embarrassingly) people  whose faces are covered with veils. It also happens when people have bad  energies. For example, sometime i will spot someone a little physically  intimidating or something walking towards us and even though i don't   change my behaviour or signal my nervousness to her, she picks out the  same person and barks.

I think  there is a logic to it from her perspective. It seems pretty defensive  in nature. However, in my book, this is unacceptable and there is no  excuse. Especially to ignore her stop and recall commands.

Do any of you guys have any thoughts on what this new behaviour might be about and how to best deal with it when it occurs?

Thanks so much.

(edit - Happy to answer any questions in the comments)"
1166,DogAdvice,Can this be food allergies.red around mouth ?( vet on Tuesday marked already .),
1167,DogAdvice,Is it normal for chihuahuas to have breathing problems?,"I had my 2yr old chihuahua checked from the vet, her cbc and xray all normal. But she constantly wheezes, reverse sneeze at night, snores, and she can't properly bark without coughing."
1168,DogAdvice,"How do I tell my dog, I don't know how to help him","I don't know exactly what's wrong with him, but I can tell he's not whining for the usual reasons. He's desperate and he's doing so much to try and get me to see him. Yet it seems like no matter how much I reassure him or notice him, it doesn't take long for him to get back to his usual tricks.

He's probably in pain or has an infection and the closest vet is closed until probably tuesday? So I can't figure out exactly what's wrong.

I just hate to see him like this. He's really trying. This is a serious problem. How do I tell him that I just can't solve his problem right now?"
1169,DogAdvice,Are antlers/hard bones bad for dogs teeth?,Are harder bones such as antlers or no split type bones (ex. Benebone) bad for my dogs teeth?
1170,DogAdvice,Should I be socializing my 2mo and 2yo old? 2mo bites too much.,"Recently got a 2month old golden retriever, I have a 2 year old Bichon who is admittedly not socialized but is other wise very well behaved save for some of the basic commands we just never taught her. 

2 year old has never dealt with other pups besides her littermates, obviously. I don't know what her relationship was like with her mom or the backyard breeders we got her from.


2 month old comes from what seemed to be reputable breeders, they checked off most of the ""ethical breeder"" checklist. The breeder warned us that Golden is ""anti-social"" and likes to have her own space. She seemed worried we wouldn't like that and really encouraged us to get the other pup. 


Personally, I don't see any insecurity or aggressive habits in this new puppy. She is just a typical puppy with shark teeth and learning boundaries. She is quiet ""introverted"" , however, and regularly get irritated with our Bichon being too close. 


Bichon is usually high energy during playtime, darts around and wants to go hard. So for a while we had to remove *her* because she was overwhelming pup. 

Now, it's the Golden we have to keep separated from Bichon because all she wants to do is *bite*. My Bichon has completely kept a distance, sits with my husband or in another corner and is incredibly tolerant of Golden when she does get a hold of her tail or lip. 



They do want to play at times. But I feel like I can't let them because Bichon will just get bitten. It's like the first thing my Golden wants to do.. and I don't know that my Bichon has it in her to ""correct"" or teach bite inhibition because I can't let them play for longer than two seconds. 

My Bichon has actually gotten an *eye* infection because Golden always goes for the eyes.


Like, I don't think I can let them even sniff each other unless they are about to go to sleep. 

Am I hindering behavioral development and their relationship if I keep them separated at all times? My Bichon wouldn't hurt the Golden, I'm worried she'll lose an eye. 

I do try to play with Bichon separately but she is just SO obsessed with Golden that she won't play with me. 

What could I be doing wrong here? Should I just keep them separated until pup is older? 

Also, any YT videos or resources on how to acquaint new siblings and facilitate boundaries would be appreciated."
1171,DogAdvice,"Picky 18 year old chihuahua not interested in food. I feel like i have tried everything. Homecooked, raw, canned, rotisserie chicken etc etc. She will eat a few bites and then isn’t interested anymore. Anyone have any advice or tips that have helped them?",
1172,DogAdvice,"Does my puppy need a haircut? I’ve realized I have no idea what I’m doing grooming wise. He’s a mix but obviously has some wire haired/terrier in him, how do I care for his coat? Is his fur growing in front of his eyes annoying for him? Can I cut it or should I take him to a pro? TIA for any advice!",
1173,DogAdvice,Anyone know what this spot is? Vet said it was either a bug bite or allergy. Gave us mupirocin ointment to treat but he got another spot somewhere else so just wondering what could be causing it.,
1174,DogAdvice,Severe separation issues. What can I do?,
1175,DogAdvice,Biting,Can puppies grow out of  biting? And how do you train them not to?
1176,DogAdvice,Dog has been acting weird (Don’t be rude).,"So yesterday morning my dog poop on the floor near the door. He knows and is trained to ring this bell on the door when he has to go. Then this morning when I woke up I saw that he peed and pooped near the door.. Then while i was in the shower he peed AGAIN on his bed. This is very odd behavior, I am a little worried. He’s been eating, drinking and sleeping (acting normal). I don’t know if i’m just over thinking but i don’t know. Last night he also started this thing with his mouth, like it was something bothering him. Almost if you got a piece of food stuck in your braces. He just kept trying to get something out, moving his tongue around oddly and even tried using his paw to get “it” out. Not sure if it’s a coincidence or really something. What’s going on? Or what possibly could be going on?? Should I take him to the vet?"
1177,DogAdvice,Crate trained. Winston's room..when the house gets busy.,
1178,DogAdvice,Post-op amputation rescue,"Hello all. Yesterday, my wife and I brought home a foster-to-adopt rescue. She is an 8-10 month old Anatolian Shepard who is 16 days post-op single rear leg amputation. She was found as a stray and transferred to the local SPCA where they determined her rear leg injury was irreparable and required amputation at the hip. We were told that they also performed a Spay procedure prior to the amputation. They did not send us home with any pain medication for her which I found odd, as I can only imagine she is still hurting. We did get Trazedone but from my understanding, that has no pain-killing effect and only serves to keep her calm. She has displayed anywhere from mild to moderate aggression towards my wife and one of our other dogs. All were seemingly random woth no common themes as to what would cause it. My wife tried adjusting her e-collar prior to bed and she gave a defensive bark and a attempted snap. That was the worse aggression display thus far with the other being mild towards my other dog. He will be minding his own business and she will start quietly growling as if she's just annoyed he's there. She has yet to show any aggression towards me or our other, oldest dog. 
My question is, do you think this is because she is in pain still? I can only imagine so but this is our first time having any issues with an adoption or foster process."
1179,DogAdvice,My Dog Isn’t Allowed Inside. It’s 47 degrees.,I don’t know what to do at this point. My dog has an igloo in the backyard but that’s not enough to keep her warm. My parents see her whining and shivering and jumping on the door/ scratching the door but they don’t care and they won’t let her inside. She’s a medium sized dog and I feel so horrible that she has to be outside in this cold weather. Is there anything I can do? I ask them if I can keep her in the garage and they even say no to that.
1180,DogAdvice,"How is this walking schedule for a medium sized, lazyish dog?","4:30 am - outside to just pee/eat after

5:30 am - 30 minute walk around neighborhood

3:30 pm - outside to just pee and go to our apartment’s dog park for about 15 minutes

5:30 pm - 30 minute walk, different route from morning route usually

9:30 pm - pee outside before sleeping

He is a medium sized dog, kinda like a corgi sized. He is lazy but does like his time outside. I’m not sure if I should increase his walking time, we have been reintroducing walking to him since he had a spinal injury a month ago. Vet gave us the okay and he has been fine with his walks, just wondering if I should give him longer walks."
1181,DogAdvice,My dog has a cone shaped head and neck and we cant keep her collar on,"I've tried to get a good photo of the issue. The problem is she is a healthy weight. She is a corgi mix so she is naturally thick. Her head is small and her neck is wider than her head. I would really have to choke her to keep her collar on. Im not worried about taking her outside. She wears a harness she can't escape from but i am worried that one day she will accidentally run out the front door and her collsr wont stay on and no one will be able to identify her.

I am hoping someone will be able to help me keep her in a collar. She never intentionally tries to get it ofd but every once in a while it comes off. Ill just come home and the dog will be naked."
1182,DogAdvice,Christmas with a dog that loves to eat paper!,Anyone have a solution for me? I’m so scared we will spend our Christmas chasing him for wrapping paper and tissue paper!!
1183,DogAdvice,"Dog just had splenectomy few days ago, are gums looking good?","&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/fad5zhmur41a1.jpg?width=3024&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=53d8c4665b02d4b2281cdb7f33acd0d241e88a69"
1184,DogAdvice,Does anyone know what this red spot on dogs lip is? Doesn’t seem to hurt or bother her except she’s licking her legs a lot.,
1185,DogAdvice,Questions about playing rough and neck safety,"Some context about my dog Buttercup who is the predominant cause for this post; she's a Pitbull-Boxer mix with some other stuff in there somewhere, about 6~7yrs old, and the sweetest dog ever when it comes to people, other dogs, and cats. We've had her since she was 2yrs old and she was a mommy before we adopted her.

Her favorite game is playing Tug of War, especially when you get competitive and make her fight for it and play keep away. Ever since I've started playing Tug with her, (when I was 14 and we had just gotten her) to this day, I've slowly become more and more rough and competitive when playing with her. I don't mean that as in being mean to her, but rather, making it harder for her to ""win"" and play fighting. While playing, I'll frequently shove her around, pick her up and swing her via her holding onto the toy, and get her in face growling and wrestling with her. She has never ever intentionally HURT me while playing like this, only nipped at my hand accidentally or lightly (didn't break skin or truly BITE me) when I really deserved it.

I wanted to make this post because I'm wondering if it's safe to play with her like this. Soon as we stop playing, she'll be sweet and gentle as always, and she seems to genuinely enjoy the rough housing and competition. But is there any chance playing with her like this could be teaching her to be aggressive, even when it seems like she's having fun and still sweet as always? And I'm also concerned if there's any chance giving her a tough time and doing stuff like swinging her up into the air while she holds onto the toy has any chance of causing any serious harm to her neck, teeth or spine. I love playing rough with her and me and her both seem to genuinely enjoy it, but if it might hurt her or cause her to become aggressive I'd like to tone it down.

TLDR; I play rough with my Pitbull-Boxer and she seems to have fun and remain the sweetest dog ever, but I want to ask if it's bad to do this and if it could possibly injure her."
1186,DogAdvice,"PetSafe Stay &amp; Play Compact Wireless Pet Fence for Dogs &amp; Cats, Waterproof &amp; Rechargeable Receiver Collar, Covers Up to 3/4 Acre for Pets 5 lb+ from Parent Company of Invisible Fence Brand.if you want to buy this product link given in comments",
1187,DogAdvice,Irritable skin in ears/groin/between paw pads. He had really bad ears at one point and had a course of steroids/food changed which helped no end. It’s crept back in though not as bad. Any recommendations? Thanks,
1188,DogAdvice,puppy having accidents help!,"
So I have a 6mo puppy. Potty training of course was one of the first things I trained her . She did amazing she only had one accident in the house and by the third day of having her she was running to door when she had to go out. Now it’s like she forgot everything. she’s peed in the house (after just being let outside) she’s pooped in the house 3 times I don’t know what is going on! She just got spayed 11 days ago and is healthy. Im not sure if it is that regression age since she’s at 6 months. But please help! And it’s not every time she will still whine at the door when she needs to potty but not every time. and the times where she pooped in the house She had just went outside and didn’t give me any warning that she needed to go back out. thank you!"
1189,DogAdvice,6mo pup having accidents,
1190,DogAdvice,HELP. How to I patch this until we get to the vet tomorrow?,
1191,DogAdvice,Has anyone used Gallant?,"If you don’t know it’s stem cell banking for your cat,dog and i think now horses. The most common approach is to use the discarded tissue from when they get spayed/neutered then the vet sends it to the company where they extract the stems cells then freeze them for use later on for health conditions that may arise. Instead of using medications to ease symptoms the stem cells may be able to repair whatever is going wrong. 

[Gallant](https://gallant.com/pricing/)"
1192,DogAdvice,"My dog Kadabra is a 5 year old siberian husky. I noticed today his gums/lips look more pale than I ever remember seeing, but maybe I’ve just never noticed? He is eating and drinking normal, no vomiting or diarrhea. Do you guys think these look normal?",
1193,DogAdvice,freezing bland diet?,"I’ve asked the medical coordinator a million questions already so I’m coming here first. I don’t see anything wrong with what I did but I probably should’ve asked first. 


My foster is on bland diet for diarrhea from parvo/meds so i’m doing boiled chicken and rice, absolutely no salt or seasonings. 


I took her food bowl, put in the chicken and rice, added some of the water from the chicken and froze it. She’s been eating so fast I’m afraid of her puking so I figured this was a good way to slow her down. 


does this affect the bland diet at all? i might sound stupid but i want the best for the little one."
1194,DogAdvice,Dog Coat Help,Does anyone know of a brand of dog blanket/coat that is fully adjustable (looks more like a horse blanket) and also has a slit along the back for a leash? I moved two FL dogs to snow country NY so they are cold but I can’t find what I need anywhere and my back yard isn’t fenced yet so they have to go out on their harness still. I have an awesome Rambo dog blanket I wish I could use but no leash access.
1195,DogAdvice,Dog eating seed pods,"My 2.5 y/o Aussie seems to be eating seed pods. And they are messing up his gut. We’ve been to emergency vet after he started vomiting. He got better with meds and special food. We thought it was isolated incident but he threw up a big clump of them yesterday.

We hike a lot on trails is wooded parks. Sometimes he gets these in his fur and I have to get them off. Otherwise he chews at them. Our house has natural wooded areas he uses to do his business. I think he sees these pods and thinks they’re treats or something. I have been observing him and see him nip at a plant and then chewing. He’s so fast! I’ve yet to see him actually eat one for sure. In fact I don’t see these pods on plants. 

We’ve started keeping him on a tighter leash and away from deeper brush.

Is this a thing? Any advice? Hoping it’s seasonal."
1196,DogAdvice,Best way to avoid random dogs?,"So this morning at 6 am I took my Pomeranian out for a little bathroom break to my backyard when suddenly a random pit bull who somehow got into the backyard jumped at my little baby and tried to attack him but backed down when he saw my face. I was too scared to do anything else but grab my pom and run outside. Luckily my dog was untouched, all I remember is that the pit bull had a blue collar on. Where it came from I have no idea. 

I’m just angry and scared to know that my own home isn’t safe from someone’s random dog in my own backyard. I been thinking that I should first go outside and check behind stuff like trees and cars to see if there’s a hidden dog before I let my dog do his thing. My neighbor just has so many owners who let their dog go loose that I have to be the one to overcompensate. 

This makes me worried so much."
1197,DogAdvice,Can I do anything to help my dog grow her winter coat fast?,
1198,DogAdvice,does this spay incision look OK?,
1199,DogAdvice,Socialised dogs as puppies regress to being very defensive around new dogs,"Hey guys, 
I have two dogs of working breed. I have had them since they were 3 months old and raised them to be very social at the dog park. They did well socially but earlier this year they spent about 6 months with my dad's dog who would chew them up and bully them. Since getting them back, they are very quick to snap if other dogs get into their face and try to bite strangers patting them on the lead.

These are behaviours they didn't used to display. I think they've experienced trauma and I want to help them get comfortable with greeting new dogs again. 

So far I've tried taking them to the dog park without the ball so they're forced to be social but it didn't have an effect after two weeks. Does anyone have any advice?"
1200,DogAdvice,How hard work is a puppy?,"Me and my boyfriend really want a puppy and we have been doing a lot of research on the breed we are considering. My boyfriend has experience with puppies growing up but I’ve only ever been around trained adult dogs. People say having a puppy is like having a baby, you’ll loose sleep and it’ll be hard work. We are fully prepared to give this puppy or all love and attention, I’m 26 and he is 29, no children and work from home. But how hard is a puppy and what advise do you guys have?"
1201,DogAdvice,Extremely reactive/anxious dog - feel like I’m running out of options. Please help!,"Apologies for the long post. My dog (14 month old Romanian rescue) is constantly over threshold when outside, as in he will bark at nothing, whine, lunge and growl on a constant basis. He’s aggressive towards dogs and people. No aggression issues with visitors to the home. Generally speaking, he’s content in the home (apart from barking). I’m not exaggerating when I say he will spin and bark at the top of his lungs at nothing. I understand he will smell things I can’t but this is 80% of the time outside. 

Neurological condition: I got him at 6 months old but was unaware he was suffering from a spinal subluxation - before the vets thought attacks were “anxiety” - he was hospitalised, had spinal surgery, crate rested for three months. I’ve taught him to walk and do all of his basic functions again. Last month he was discharged from the neurologist and physiotherapist. No brain damage has occurred, only neurological deficit is his mild ataxia. 50% of the time I’ve had him he’s not been allowed outside. 

I’ve worked with a trainer and two behaviourists and have seen zero improvement. In fact, due to spending most of his time inside as he will immediately freak out, he’s worse. Both say he can’t meet other dogs without using graded exposure, but have people had success muzzling their dog and letting them meet a calm dog? He used to live with dogs in Romania but now he can’t see/smell one without wanting to kill it. 

Medication: is on gabapentin and fluoxetine, no change from either. Vet wants to prescribe trazodone but has admitted they have no idea. Seems weird to me because he’s ataxic. I live in UK and have been told Zoloft is seldom used. We use diazepam occasionally but limited impact. Do people have positive experiences with Zoloft ? Considering a veterinary behaviourist but we’ve spent over £15,000 on vet bills. It’s absurd.

I’m attempting to contact other behaviourists but all say the same thing: do gradual graded exposure. Yes, in theory that’s great, but there’s no starting point. The others suggest using a muzzle to shut his mouth so he can’t bark and then click train (wtf is wrong with people) or using a collar for corrections. He can’t use a collar due to his surgical implant. 

If positive behaviourists don’t help, medication so far hasn’t helped and my vet/current behaviourist don’t know what to do, what is left? 

I live next to the beach so it’s a challenging area to control due to dog/foot traffic. I currently attempt training at stupid hours of the day in an attempt to avoid triggers, but he still barks at nothing. I love him so much but attempted to rehome him for his own good, I’ve even contacted specialists who run facilities for dogs who can’t be homed, all have said no because he would be bullied due to his condition. I know this isn’t a good environment for him but for understandable reasons people and organisations won’t take him. I feel forgotten. 

I’m constantly heartbroken and the last 8 months have made me severely depressed. I’m considering euthanasia but don’t want to do it. I saved his life and am his rock. 

Any suggestions, medication, behavioural, specific behaviourists in the Uk, or anything else really, is hugely appreciated. If nothing else, thank you for reading - I suppose my boy and I are both in crisis."
1202,DogAdvice,Dog bite,"I didn’t see any rules saying i cant post this, but I understand if it gets deleted.  TW- mention of dog fight, wounds, injuries. 

I live with family, and we have 6 dogs total, 2 are mine, two belong to sibling a (sibling a doesn’t live with us but dogs are here), one belongs to sibling b, and one is my moms. One of sibling a’s dogs (dog a1) resource guards everything, (but mom refuses to feed dogs separately) and has gone after 4/5 of the other dogs, who did nothing in response. 

A few months ago, dog a1 went after one of my dogs. She ended up going after him and we had to take dog a1 to the vet. 

This morning, dog a1 went after my dog again, and we had to separate. Everything had calmed down, so we didnt crate either of them. My mom and I were sitting on the couch, and dog a1 was between us. My dog came walking by us and he tried to to after her again. My mom moved her arm in front of dog a1 and my dog bit my mom. It was a severe bite, and my mom ended up needing surgery. 

Where i live, i am able to self quarantine my dog, so she’ll be separated for ten days. Ive already arranged a foster for her after the quarantine is over (she was vaccinated in august so she is current), but what do i do from there? 

Sibling A hasnt lived in the house for almost a year but refuses to take her dogs. She lives in a pet friendly apartment and my mom paid her pet deposit. Dog a1 has had these issues for years, but no one has done anything to fix it or listens when i say his issues will only get worse as he gets older

Im not in a good place financially to move out, but i feel like that may be my only choice to keep my dog. The fight they got into previously was the first time shes ever gone after a dog before, and shes never shown any reactivity/aggression with people."
1203,DogAdvice,"Are they playing or fighting? The mother seems to be playing, but the puppy looks stressed. Is it normal or should I stop them? (Ps. All the growls/barks are from the puppy)",
1204,DogAdvice,My dogs won’t stop fighting.,"We have had my almost 2 yr old GSD (male, neutered) since he was 8 weeks. We just adopted a 9 month GSD pup (male, not neutered yet). We’ve had the pup for a week and a half now. 

The first day I brought the puppy home they were fighting for 8 hours and I had to take work off the next day cause i literally got no sleep with them. Since then the fighting is slowly getting to be less, but it is still fairly constant. 

Most of the time the fighting is playful. But after hours it still gets annoying. My older dog has gotten mean a couple times but that gets shut down immediately. Even after wearing each other out completely one of them will walk by the other and they start fighting all over again. 

I try separating them sometimes so they can get “breaks” but this is not realistic to do constantly. I will give them distractions like toys or kongs but as soon as they don’t want those anymore it’s back to the same thing. They wear each other out until they are basically passing out from exhaustion and falling asleep very easily. I just don’t know how they sleep for 20 mins and are back at it again. 

I know my older dog is doing this more out of showing his dominance and establishing that. The pup is usually just doing puppy things like nipping or being curious of the older dog which sets him off again. Like I said they do get disciplined if either of their behavior goes too far and I feel it is mean.

Is fighting like this almost all day normal behavior? If it is when will it calm down to a reasonable amount? If not, what can I do to make this better?"
1205,DogAdvice,Anyone knows what this plump ball is on my dogs neck?,[removed]
1206,DogAdvice,Rash cause for concern?,My dog has a rash in his groin area on both his left and right sides and also some in between his paws. We think it’s from anxiety licking when he’s in his kennel at night. Should we be concerned about this?
1207,DogAdvice,How does it look,"I posted the others day about her 4 days post op she got spayed Monday. Everyone said it looked fine but I was gone for two days and my parents watched her told them to not let her jump or run.

Just wanted to see if it is still good looking there is a lump to the left of it. She doesn’t look in pain or act and she eats fine. 

I am a over thinker so I stress  could it be a hernia or is it normal."
1208,DogAdvice,Little ball on his neck has grown in the past month.,[removed]
1209,DogAdvice,Alternatives toys for a dog banned from bones,My dog has never cared much for toys. She’s not interested in playing fetch very often &amp; tends to rip apart any stuffed toys or bones that aren’t “power chew” nylabones or equivalent. Her vet said she has 2 fractured teeth &amp; can no longer chew her bones. We need to find something new she would like and don’t know where to start. Suggestions?
1210,DogAdvice,Where should I go for rehoming a dog who is aggressive with strangers but very loving with family?,"My parents took in a dog of a family friends who is the absolute sweetest boy with family and people he knows. He is cuddly and loving and basically like a golden retriever. But when he sees strangers he goes crazy and he has nipped two people since they’ve had him. 

He does fine outside in public with people. The main issue is he is very protective of the house and his family when he is on their property. A defense dog if you well.

They love him so much but they don’t have time to train him properly to socialize him. He is great with other dogs and plays fine with them. But he just needs a home to be able to run and get his energy out. They don’t want to bring him to a shelter. But I’m afraid my mother wants to put him down after the incidents. Thats my last resort EVER. 

So any advice on other routes to go? Places to search for the type of home he needs?"
1211,DogAdvice,Anybody can give me advice to what this is ??,
1212,DogAdvice,I just got a new puppy and have a 1 year old Pomsky. I can’t tell if they are playing or not? The puppy keeps making a yapping noise and sorta like a snarl but puppy sound is that makes sense. Should I be concerned?,
1213,DogAdvice,At a fork in the road,My dog has been crated at night since she was a little puppy. She’s 2 now.  She has developed a habit of waking up extra early and banging on the crate to get out. Nothings wrong she just wants to lay in my bed with me. It’s disturbing my sleep. I never wanted her to sleep in my bed all night for a few reasons. For those whose dogs sleep with them how do you have “private time” with your partner? Is your dog ok being boarded since they are used to sleeping with you? How did you train/transition from the crate to another sleeping place?
1214,DogAdvice,I am at the emergency vet rn - what could be the cause of the below symptoms?,"Brought my 9yr old blind &amp; diabetic pug/chihuahua mix to the vet due to:

-vomiting 4 times in the past 24 hours
-not eating
-had not gone to the bathroom
-very lethargic

They took him back and the vet tech said they noted:

-low temp (95 degrees)
-labored breathing
-also noted lethargy 
-other vitals are normal

She told me they have him under a heat lamp/blankets to bring his temp up. She didn’t offer any other explanations, but he is classified as “urgent” (out of stable/urgent/critical). There are two other urgent cases ahead of him.

Any advice, speculation, etc. while I anxiously wait at the dog ER? Im hoping for some consoling information, but also want to be prepared for anything."
1215,DogAdvice,Help with choosing a bread,"I live in an apartment, I like going for walks but also chilling on the couch. I am trying to figure out a dog breed.

I almost adopted a dachshund mix today but someone else got him. I am currently eying a black mouth cur mix but I don’t know if that’d be a good choice.

Any advice?"
1216,DogAdvice,Possible skin infection?,
1217,DogAdvice,Why is my dogs nose so dry?,I called the vet and they didn’t seem too concerned about it. I bought some cream that I’ve been putting on it but it’s not seeming to get better. Should I take him in anyways?
1218,DogAdvice,New Behavior in Senior Dog- should I be concerned?,"I’ve had my dog since he was 5, and he’s now 12. He’s a neutered Australian Shepherd (possibly mixed, but idk) and has always been very calm and not one to really play. He was a medical alert dog for his former elderly owner who passed away which is why I took him in. He was very under socialized and over weight, so it took a lot of training and attention to get him healthy and used to being around other dogs. He’s now very social, loves to walk and exercise, but again, doesn’t play with toys. I work from home, so every day we walk the beach and he gets a lot of mental and physical stimulation with me, my husband, and my kid. If I go anywhere, he usually comes with me, and only shows anxiety when I have to leave him. He loves everyone in the family, but he’s MY dog, and basically my shadow. I’d describe him as a Velcro dog.

Over the last few weeks, he has been getting really antsy in the evenings to the point where he will play with toys with me. It’s been really nice to see his playful side, since every time I think about him being 12 I get really sad, since I know Aussies usually live 13-15years. He has no current health issues and his vet says he’s in very good shape for his age.

Here’s the (possible) issue: when we get into playing, or when he sees me play with my daughter, he starts trying to hump me. He has never done this before to people or dogs. When we used to go to dog parks, he was always submissive. If I’m sitting on the floor he starts digging around my legs and eventually pulls my leg towards him and mounts up. Even when I move away he’ll keep humping the air until I scratch his back and then he kinda snaps out of it. I try to keep the playing to fetch, since any tug of war or wrestling type play gets him humping.

I’m the only does it to me, nobody else. My concern is that this behavior could be a result of a health issue or could lead to a more concerning behavioral issue. I haven’t been able to find anything online as to why a 12 year old dog would suddenly start humping after never doing it before. Thanks!"
1219,DogAdvice,My pug woke up one morning with a weak right hind leg.,"He just woke up in the morning and seemed to be favoring his left hind leg while walking around the house and not putting weight on his right. You can see he is skipping and trying not to use his right leg in the video. He is showing no signs of pain and it still walking around. When I pull on the right leg he actively pulls vs with his left he kinda lets it happen. I’m hoping this isn’t beginning stages of pug myelopathy, just so weird how he randomly woke up like this."
1220,DogAdvice,How do you decide on a dog to adopt from a shelter?,
1221,DogAdvice,Just witnessed my neighbor's dogs getting into a fight and one of them seems pretty wounded. My neighbor isn't coming back until Monday.,"My neighbor has two  dogs -males, greek shepherds- who are always in the garden. He has a big garden and he has build a dog house for his dogs there.

So, the dogs seem to have a weird relationship with each other. One minute they're cuddling and the next they're fighting. It's very common for them to fight and it usually starts when something triggers them. They bark at a thing/animal/sound that triggered them and somehow they end up fighting pretty bad. I have talked to my neighbor about this and he seemed to consider it a normal thing like it's no big deal. 

Tonight I was walking my dog. Unfortunately, I can't avoid his house, so I have to pass by his dogs with my dog, who makes them bark, which sometimes leads them to fighting. Just like every time, when me and my dog passed by they both ran to the rails and started barking and then, they started fighting. One put the other down but I paid them no mind. I just moved on because I have seen them fighting before.

However, when my dog and I returned from our walk about 30 minutes later what I saw concerned me. One of the dogs, the one who was down, was still lying there and the other was standing on top of him doing nothing just standing there. When the one still standing saw us he ran to the rails to bark at us just as he usually does but the other did not move. The other dog kept laying there only moving his eyes to look around. When I walked closer, I saw blood on the side of his neck. I couldn't tell how bad the wound was because it was dark but the dog moving nothing but his eyes looking scared makes me believe it was quite bad. 

My neighbor is not home. He's usually away during the weekends and he returns on Monday or Tuesday. I have no way to contact him because I don't know his number and despite searching him on social media I couldn't find any profile matching his name and face (sounds creepy but I thought I could try reaching him on Facebook or something)

I went by his house 15 minutes ago. The wounded dog is still laying there and he now moves his head a little bit still looking very scared, while the other, the one that bit him, is lying next to him (it looks like he is protecting him/staying on his side but I am not expert). 

So, what do I do? Can I call anyone? The dogs are pretty aggressive to anyone trying to enter their territory, so I doubt anyone can approach them. I thought about calling the police but what if they put the dogs down? And if my neighbor finds out I called the police to his house while he was away, he is going to get angry and he is not a person one can reason with. 

I have contacted a group of volunteers who help dogs in my town but they haven't answered my messages yet. 

Is it possible the dog could die from the bite during the night? Should the dogs be separated? What am I supposed to do in cases like this? I feel helpless. Should I just contact the police and hope for the best? (according to the law here, the police can intervene in cases of animal abuse and they can take the animal away)."
1222,DogAdvice,I was told she was border collie/spaniel mix. But she has short legs and a long body. Is she corgie as well?,
1223,DogAdvice,What breed is my dog?,
1224,DogAdvice,Do dogs not know what their fart is?,My dog has started farting quite audibly lately. But every time it happens her ears go forward and she looks for the source of the noise which is her rear end and she has a surprised/confused expression. Similar to what happens when a large object drops unexpectedly next to you and you are like woah! What was that? Does it not occur to her that the sensation of a fart and the noise is connected?
1225,DogAdvice,Advice for Fleas?,"Hi everyone! I have an English Pointer with a short coat, and recently I keep noticing stray fleas on her? I know they usually say if you find one then there’s bound to be more, but I seriously don’t know whats going on because I check her coat and I never find more than one.

I give her the liquid solution for preventing fleas (the one you apply onto their coats), and I bathe her with dog shampoo which includes mint and other stuff said to repel fleas. I don’t brush her regularly even though I should. I’m really out of ideas on why she keeps bringing back only one flea, is this normal? Is there any explanation for this, and how can I prevent fleas?"
1226,DogAdvice,"Vet appointment isn’t until for another two weeks, but this area keeps getting worse. Any advice on what I can put on it to soothe it?",
1227,DogAdvice,I’m ruining out of options and my mental health is getting destroyed!,"About 8 years ago my life completely changed! I was scrolling on Facebook and saw a post of someone that was needing to rehome a chaweenie and without any questions asked (stupidly) i volunteered to take the male dog in.(huge mistake) The past 8 years I’ve been having to multiple times a day clean up after he uses the bathroom EVERYWHERE!! I’ve legitimately tried everything I’ve taken him to behavior classes, I’ve done positive reinforcement, I’ve done scheduling his bathrooms and eating times, I’ve tried potty pads( he refuses to use it), I take him outside constantly (he refuses), I have gone as far as making him diapers (his body shape requires suspenders) and the dog doesn’t care he will pee and poop in them constantly! If it wasn’t for my fiancé  I would (sadly) taken him to the pound (because my mental health is getting destroyed by the dog and he has ruined my house and has caused serious problems in my relationship) but my fiancé is obsessed with the dog about 2 years ago my fiancé gave the dog a tiny piece of hamburger and the dog choked and legitimately almost died (he straight up passed out) my fiancé was able to remove the meat from the dogs throat and the dog regained consciousness but ever since that happened my fiancé has developed extreme anxiety and he constantly thinks the dog is sick and dying (nothing is actually ever wrong) and obsesses over it!! Also not only has the dog destroyed almost every square inch of the carpet in my house (it’s all been removed) and destroyed couches, beds, rugs, clothes, and many many other things but also gets into trash cans rips them open! This dog also will climb threw rings of fire if he thinks there is a tiny microscopic piece of food anywhere! I’m going completely insane I want to pull my hair out sit in a corner of a dark room and cry I can’t handle it anymore!! I should probably add that my fiancé doesn’t help me clean up after the dog he would just leave poop and pee and trash until I clean it up!! I desperately need advice I don’t know what else to do!! I can’t stand this anymore my other cat and dog (both really really good animals) and I don’t deserve to suffer because of this dog!! Please no hate I’m going threw enough!!"
1228,DogAdvice,Behavior issues with our 9 month old corgi after realizing he was taken from his mom too soon,We got our little corgi in May of this year he was 8 weeks when we got him. We live in a border town and we got him from across the border. As he started to get older we started to realize his behavior issues (we figured this was because my boyfriend and I were in between places of living at the moment). Fast forward to now he’s very anxious and we are still having behavioral problems with him. We also neutered him hoping that would help and if anything we feel as if it’s gotten worse with him “marking his territory “ especially. We want to get him in some training classes but our financial pockets are a little tight right now. Any advice?
1229,DogAdvice,Hearing loss,"Hello! I have and 11 1/2 year old great dane. Recently, he has been exhibiting a signs of deafness (not listening, excessively vocal). I originally thought he was just getting stubborn in his old age. However, over the past few weeks I started thinking he might be deaf because he wouldn't even notice when visitors were at the house. It seemed happen almost overnight. He went to the vet and she said there was some fluid in his ear and performed a hearing test (making a sound behind him with a chime?) which she said he didn't respond to. She said it was likely due to age. I wasn't the one who actually took him to the appointment so I'm not sure why nothing could be done regarding getting rid of the fluid or what it was from.

I feel like he can still hear to some degree though. If I say ""do you want to go for a walk?"" Or ""do you want to go for a ride?"" He gets attentive and turns his head to the side like he always has. This works even if he isn't looking at me. 

So does this mean he can still hear to some degree or is he detecting familiar vibrations? Like right now he is napping next to me and I said his name.. He seemed to twitch a little but didn't wake up.

Also, any advice on whistles or perhaps vibrating collars to help get his attention if needed would be greatly appreciated."
1230,DogAdvice,Diarrhea and Insurance Question,"Both fun topics, right? My dog is a frequent flyer on the Hemorrhagic Gastroenteritis plane. He hasn’t had a bout for over a year but would insurance consider any diarrhea or GI issues a preexisting condition? 

And is it the same thing with dental? He needs a cleaning right now and I know they won’t cover it but will future annual dental and teeth issues be a problem with whoever I go with?

Trupanion is currently the lead in my initial research but this worries me."
1231,DogAdvice,"My dog was vaccinated twice for rabies by accident, is that okay?","My 10 month old pup had his rabies vaccine 6 months ago. Apparently some records in the vet office were messed up so he ended up receiving one again today. Is that okay? I was told he should be fine but I want to make sure. Thanks!

By the way, he is a 10-month old mutt and weighs 60 pounds. He is very healthy and experiences loose stools chronically and sporadically."
1232,DogAdvice,Special Thanksgiving dinner.. what to give dog!,Hello! I want to give my dog a special thanksgiving day meal. She is 40 pounds and loves a lot of things. Can I give her the inards of the turkey? Does it have to be cooked? Do you have any other ideas for food I can give her? Thanks so much!! And no she is not on a raw food diet if that matters? The most raw food she gets is some raw carrots and green beans and apples. Thanks!
1233,DogAdvice,"Dog is having allergic reaction, how much is too much Benadryl?","Pretty much the title. My boy just had an awful experience at a groomer and is also having an allergic reaction. He is super sensitive with a bunch of allergies (even some type of grass, cleaners, proteins, etc) so having a little bit of an allergic reaction isn’t uncommon. I want to give him some Benadryl to calm him down and help his allergies - everywhere online is saying to give him anywhere from 50 to 75 milligrams because he’s 75 pounds. Is that too much? Seems like an awful lot to me."
1234,DogAdvice,A weird-looking poop,"Our dog (1y5m, 6 kilos) had a weird-looking poop (see pic). It was firm but had yellow small chucks in it and was covered in slime, transparent to pinkish in places. This was her second poop for the day, the first one in the morning was perfect, and she has never had similar slime in her poop before. Right now she looks normal. Also, we happened to be at the vet for a regular check-up and worm and flea treatment 2 days ago and were told she is in good health. She sometimes chews away parts of her plush toys and is always trying to lick/eat anything she finds on the pavement during her walks. Any advice on what that poop might be caused by and whether we should run to the emergency vet or just wait and see how she is doing would be deeply appreciated."
1235,DogAdvice,Neighbor’s aggressive dog won’t stop fence fighting,"I have two dogs and a fenced in yard. My dogs live inside and I let them outside (supervised) for an hour or so a day to play with them. 

My neighbor’s dog is an aggressive pitbull and who lives outside 24/7, barks all night and bites my dogs through the fence when my dogs are peeing. The last fight that happened, I had to break it up and I got injured. There’s never a safe time to let them get their fresh air. I have also witnessed their dog mauling another dog through the fence

I don’t feel comfortable walking my dogs in this neighborhood, there’s several stray dogs and irresponsible owners who let their dogs roam. I’ve seen several stories on nextdoor from my neighborhood from people claiming their dogs got attacked by loose ones in the neighborhood. 

What’s the best course of action here? I’ve considered leaving a note in their mailbox about their aggressive dog, I’ve considered calling animal control, I just don’t want any retaliation from my neighbors"
1236,DogAdvice,Dog completely ignoring huge post-op surgery incision,"Hi all! My 44-lb Staffordshire Bull Terrier just had a tumor removed on his hip. The incision is 6-7 inches long, very lumpy and ugly and noticeable. However, he can't keep a cone on no matter what type we try, so we've just been observing how he acts without a cone. But, we've been with him 24/7, and he has not so much as sniffed the incision, let alone scratched it. Does this mean he's truly not bothered by it? Or does it hurt so bad that he doesn't want to touch it? He's usually a neurotic mess so I was expecting him to tear into it immediately... Anyway, just want to make sure there's nothing to worry about!"
1237,DogAdvice,To rehome or not to rehome,"Hello. I have a major dilemma here and maybe someone could give me insight on my thoughts to solve it. I would like to not have to rehome my dog by any means.  But. 

I am looking at starting a career change.  I’ve hit a sudden and unexpected brick wall in my life and things are about to change dramatically.  Where I currently work I take the dog to work with me.  She is almost never ever alone as she goes everywhere with me work or not.  This job is unexpectedly ending.  As a result I am looking at relocating to a new city, and starting a career as a plumber which is something I’ve wanted to get into.  Apprentices do not make much for the first or second year.  I’d be selling my home and besides apprentice salary, be living from the house sale until my monthly income gets higher and I’m once again in the green.  At which point I’d probably down payment a house with what I have left.  

The dilemma is that to keep the dog I am going to have to leave her home during the day.  I can probably spend the 200-300 a week hiring someone to come in halfway through the day and give her a walk.  I’d also walk or run her before and after work.  This would get expensive, but I could do it assuming by year two or 3 of apprenticeship my salary would increase and I’m not at a deficit each month.  Without the dog, I wouldn’t be in a deficit at all.  

But the money is only one thing I worry about.  The main thing is leaving her alone so much.   I hate the idea as she’s never spent much time alone.  There is a co worker currently who has a family with kids and a dog who might be open to taking her.   The dog absolutely loves this guy and she also loves kids and other dogs.  His wife is stay at home.   Kids are homeschooled.  She would have a good life.  

I’m seriously torn what to do here. It isn’t an easy decision by any means."
1238,DogAdvice,Worms?,"Vets closed until Monday, she’s been having diarrhea the past couple trays and today saw these, are these worms of some sort?"
1239,DogAdvice,any idea on how i'm to take my dog out to potty when it's cold and raining?,
1240,DogAdvice,Spay,"My 8 lbs long hair dachshund got spayed yesterday. When I went to pick her up they let me know some reason her spleen was by her stomach area &amp; when they cut open they cut her spleen as well. They assured me they did extra blood tests &amp; precautions to make sure she’s OK. Antibiotics for 2 weeks for the spleen &amp; pain meds for 4 days for spay. 

I’m just curious if there is anything I should do!? She does not want to be alone &amp; not really wanting to drink water by herself (out of my hand only). I’m just worried about the spleen….should I follow up with her vet in 2 weeks???"
1241,DogAdvice,How to stop a mother dog from regurgitating food for puppies?,"The pups are 14 weeks old now. I feed them the recommended amount of kibble 4 times a day. However, their mother won't stop regurgitating her food to them. She has done this since the pups were 6 weeks old (they were fully weaned at 10). She also starts bringing them her chews now. While it's great to see she cares for them so well, it's not good for her to be puking all the time and the puppies aren't supposed to get to eat so many chews. Does anyone have any idea how to stop her?"
1242,DogAdvice,Can beef cheek rolls make dogs poop pale?,"My 35lb pup chewed up a whole 8in beef cheek roll (one of the white ones) and he’s had pale tan poop for 1.5 days, is this normal? Considering getting blood work done at the vet to make sure it’s not a liver issue. He is acting totally fine, eating, drinking, playing, and going to the bathroom like normal. Poops are firm."
1243,DogAdvice,"what is this called? vet appointment on Tuesday, but they are curbside and sending videos has never worked.",
1244,DogAdvice,Heartgard meds side effects making my dog very sick,"So every month we dread the day we have to give the little guy some Heartgard. He cries at night and in the morning from the bellyache, loses his appetite, has diarrhea, etc. he’s just very uncomfortable every time. I’m not sure what to do to help ease the discomfort and make it less intense for him. It’s only a few days that get bad but I want to ease some of the side effects. 

Any tips?? 

Also is it normal for him to feel that shitty for a few days after?"
1245,DogAdvice,Medical advice regarding palliative care for an old puppy,
1246,DogAdvice,My dog just bit her groomer :(,"She's a year and a half old and is normally very friendly with everyone, people and dogs alike. She loves children when we see them out walking

We have noticed for the past month or so when we tell her to go outside for a pee before bed she has turned around and snapped if we attempted to touch her, so we don't touch her we just raise our voice and she relents and goes outside to pee. I felt awful when this happened as I never want to put her in a situation where she feels like she needs to bite, so I don't.

She's been going to the same groomer every month since we got her and they always say she has been difficult to groom and hates all of it, but never any aggression. I tried to help her by bathing her at home sometimes, using the hairdryer etc and she's great with me. I bring her with me into a small room in the house where she can't escape my hairdryer and I don't need to hold her or force anything. We play with toys while I dry her and she doesn't care.

Today they were trying to dry her, one person had the dryer and the other was holding her still and attempted to put a towel over her (apparently they do this to calm them but I've never heard of it). She 'freaked out', turned around and bit the groomer. She didn't break the skin but bit her quite hard.

I guess my question is - what should I do now to be responsible to her and to others? Can she be around my niece supervised? Should I avoid that groomers? Is it better to just groom her myself from now on?

We are keeping an eye on her in case there's a health reason, but I honestly think she's fine and I understand why she reacts how she does. She's such a great dog in every other way, and I'm just really sad this happened"
1247,DogAdvice,Is it appropriate or disrespectful to walk your dog in a cemetery?,"Just wondering. There’s a beautiful cemetery walking distance from my house with pathways all throughout that I’ve passed by and thought it would be a nice walk for the pup, but I don’t want to be disrespectful. Obviously I wouldn’t let him run around, pee on tombstones and I always clean up after his poops. Just wondering where people stand on this."
1248,DogAdvice,Owners of diabetic dogs: Does your dog nighttime hypoglycemia look like this?,"My dog (Female Yorkshire Terrier, 11 years old, Name: Lluna) is currently getting tested for possible diseases including diabetes, but the blood test results won't be available until Monday. For the last week she's been losing a lot of hair and the last 2 days at 19pm aprox she suddenly starts shivering and exhibits very low energy throughout a 20-30 minutes period during which I feed her 5ml of honey water with a syringe because she seems to get better after that, then she goes to sleep and the next morning she's full of energy again. 

If there's anyone reading this who has a diabetic dog, I'd appreciate if you shared your experience with me and gave me some advice, I don't sleep at all because I'm scared and constantly checking on her.

Should I wait until Monday test results or bring her to the ER? What worries me the most is that after the episodes, she will act as normal as If nothing had happened."
1249,DogAdvice,"Small dog owners, where in your home is your dogs bed/crate for sleeping at night?",
1250,DogAdvice,Did my dog break her toe?,"We went on a rocky hike recently and then the next walk we went on she limped on that foot for only about 3 steps then has been walking, running, jumping letting me touch her leg and paw and overall seems completely unbothered. But today I noticed the small red bump and that the toe doesn’t seem to sit straight like the rest. Is it worth a trip to the vet is she seems to be acting like she is in 0 pain? Is it like when humans break a toe and there’s nothing you can do besides just slowly let it heal on its own? Or is it perhaps dislocated and needs to be reset? 
Thanks in advance!"
1251,DogAdvice,Advice,"My dog that I have has never been aggressive to any dogs or anyone about his food, today we brought home a new puppy and she went towards his food and he wasn’t happy 
Is there a way to help show him it’s ok , tips, tricks on what to do?
Thank you!"
1252,DogAdvice,"Urgent, need info asap","Can anybody identify what this could possibly be? When I first adopted my dog about 3-4 months ago (Staffordshire Terrier) we noticed that she had this little branch off on her paw pad and thought nothing of it because it looked like just a minor paw abnormality at first. We noticed today after being out and playing that it has started to look like this and we aren’t sure if it’s a tumor or whatever it could be. Any information would be very helpful, thank you guys for your time."
1253,DogAdvice,Behavior problems with corgi,"Hello all, I've been having serious behavioral problems with my 7M pembroke welsh corgi and he has been targeting my 13M Cairn terrier. We have had both dogs since they were 2-3 months old and though my corgi has always been ""grumpy"" he has never been aggressive with the cairn terrier. My cairn terrier is a very calm old man that is incontinent but never bothered any of our other dogs, aside from occasional food aggression (only with treats.) I'm not sure what to do because he (corgi) has ripped out some of his fur. I want to take him to the vet to see if there's anything I can do but I really want to avoid euthanizing him and he was a birthday present from when I turned 15 years old. Any advice I can do about this?"
1254,DogAdvice,"From a video of my dog yawning, how old would you guess he is? We’ve gotten several different opinions over the years after we adopted him. I assume teeth are the best indication of age.",
1255,DogAdvice,Pink eye?,"We have a vet appointment Monday, that’s all we could get. We’re going to get some sterile eye wash that the vet recommended. Any other remedies? It doesn’t seem to be bothering him but I feel bad for my poor boy. 11 month old Schnorgi."
1256,DogAdvice,Will these dogs get along?,"Sorry, this might be kind of long.  I have 2 dogs, theyre big (about 90lbs) and they've gotten along really well. I've had my male dog for about 9 years and got him at 2 months old. He's very sweet and listens. I got my female dog about 2 years ago as a rescue. We're not sure how old she is but we're guessing about 5 years old.               Since we've had her shes gotten in 2 pretty minor fights with female dogs, one was YESTERDAY, but gets along great with my male dog. 

Anyways, I'm moving in with a friend who has a male dog (same breed as mine) whos about 70lbs. I'm supposed to be taking both of my dogs into move with her and I'm scared they wont get along and something will happen.

Any advice? My best bet was to only have them around each other when we can keep an eye on them for a couple months, so I could drop my dogs off at my Mom's when I have to work.  But since this other fight just happened I dont know what to think."
1257,DogAdvice,Advice on prepping apt/ doggo for a smooth post surgery recovery,"oy where to start. Just want to avoid complications or stiches ripping etc etc etc. Not exactly sure how large this will be at the moment either. So I'm just prepping now best I can. 

Ive seen surgical ""suits"" aka doggy onsies, old t shirts but  it says in comments for spay/ neuter surgeries. what about torso/ back-What would protect their insicion/ stich site ? And she hates her leash connected to a collar, and uses a harness- so alternative so that doesnt rub or harm her. 

ALSO-   what things would you get your doggy to enjoy her holiday with this surgery 5 days before xmas AND two toothie extractions.... I just feel so bad and sad for her."
1258,DogAdvice,is this normal?,"my female border collie (1.5 years old) always moves in her sleep and i believe that is normal because humans do it too when we sleep. but tonight she is sleeping with her eyes open and moving like this, is this normal?"
1259,DogAdvice,"I have a 2 y.o. lab mix. He enjoys all things outdoors, swimming, hiking, etc. He’s brushed, paws wiped, ears cleaned, nails trimmed, and teeth brushed very regularly. However he only gets a bath 2-3 times a year. How often should he be getting a bath?",
1260,DogAdvice,I took a picture of my Koko and her pupil looks weird. She has a bit of a cherry eye but I’ve never seen her pupil look like this. Is something wrong?,
1261,DogAdvice,Noticed this lil white bump on my dog Zia—infected hair follicle?,
1262,DogAdvice,What’s your cure for diarrhea,"My pup is 65 lbs and eats well, however he’s had diarrhea for about 3 days now, I’m not sure what it is but there no other signs of him being uncomfortable, he still eats, no vomiting , playing normally etc. I really can’t afford ANOTHER vet trip right now. We just got  him in august and he’s already been to the emergency animal hospital 4 times already costing us over 3k already. We’ll go if we have to but I want to try home remedies first"
1263,DogAdvice,List of core puppy shots?,"Hi, everyone,

I’m getting a puppy next week; she will be 8 weeks old. I’m planning to take her for her first shots two days later. It’s a mobile vet clinic in a feed store, as that’s the place she can get her vaccinations the soonest (this is a fairly rural area).

I’ve never done this before. Is it possible to over-vaccinate? I am nervous about being talked into getting more stuff than she needs at 8 weeks of age. (Plus I’m confused about 5-way shots plus/versus the standalone shots). 

I’ve Googled and searched and looked at printables, but I just need a simple list of the basic (but crucial) vaccines she needs. Can someone guide me? I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide. Thanks!"
1264,DogAdvice,Possible ACL tear?,"Hey just looking for some advice, my 9yr old GSD has been limping on his rear leg since last night. He’s able to put some pressure on it but he holds it up a lot, walks with a limp in his step. I’ve tried to inspect it, theres no swelling around his knee he also doesn’t yelp/wince when I was just gently feeling his leg. I don’t know what else it could be. I’ve called a bunch of vets around me, but a bunch of them won’t take new clients or booked out for a week or more."
1265,DogAdvice,"hi, my dog Gizmo woke me up at 2:30 last night looking like this (1 &amp; 2.) he looks better now, and is acting normal. does anyone know what it might be/has something similar happened to your dog?",
1266,DogAdvice,Help! My sister’s toy poodle just tried to eat the neighbor’s dog.,"The good boy is a bull dog mix and didn’t even realize he was being attacked.  They were both on a leash but I was holding the toy poodle in my arms.  When I put him on the ground he got aggressive and was biting the other dog in the neck!  Due to his tiny size (4lbs), I just picked him back up.  Apologized for my ignorance. The neighbor just laughed.  There was zero damage to the bulldog.  He just seemed confused.  And he was a sweet slow puppy.  I’m so ashamed that I was handling the tiny dog so poorly.  What was the tiny idiot thinking?? Help me Cesar Milan!"
1267,DogAdvice,Pet Insurance?,"I just rescued a 5 year old pit terrier. I want to establish a good relationship with a local vet and get pet insurance since something bigger in terms of care for him would be tough for me. 

Any good recommendations for the pet insurance? And good questions to call around and ask vets to see how quality they are?
Any help would be greatly appreciated thank you"
1268,DogAdvice,Good idea!!! my dog loves this BAOBRO snuffle mat!! occupy her for a while and bring fun🥰🥳🥳🥳 #dogs #dogslowfeeder #snufflematfordogs,
1269,DogAdvice,Do you guys know what breed Leo is??,
1270,DogAdvice,Dog strange lick behaviour,"I have adopted her 3 weeks ago and she has this habit of licking or sucking on her tongue (sorry, I don't know how to better explain the behaviour or sound). 
She's a stray, mix of long-wire-haired daschund from what I manage to identify. 

She does this a lot of the time. During the day when she's on the sofa, or her bed. During the evening and the night. 
She seems healthy and without any issues on her teeth, gums, tongue, lips or mouth. 

Her foster parents from whom I took her told me that she was doing that when she was with them as well (they had her for almost 1 year)

Does anyone have any idea what this might be? 

She is not in pain or anything from what I see and I don't mind it at all. I got used to it and I'm even amused by this sometimes xD

Thank you! 

PS: she was not licking herself in the video; the clip is muted due to the background noise"
1271,DogAdvice,What time should I be taking my dogs out?,"I have 3 female dogs (now 1 and a half-ish years old). We go on walks at 8-8:30AM, then at 4:30-5PM, then at 10-10:30PM. They don't pee at home or anything, but I'm worried they are holding their business in for too long, granted when we do go out they usually don't rush to go do their business or anything.

Is this schedule fine?"
1272,DogAdvice,"does anyone know what breeds she could be? she’s almost 3 months, i have more photos of her on my account. her mom was about knee height and dad is unknown :D",
1273,DogAdvice,Dog keeps licking this red bump in between his paws,"Update: took to the vet and they prescribed antibiotics, anti inflammatory, and anti itch. Hoping the bump and rash goes away within 2 weeks. If not, going back to get a check up"
1274,DogAdvice,My Dog Spazed Out After Petting Her,"Idk what happened but here’s my dog peanut on her back asking for belly rubs and all of a sudden after I’m finished rubbing her tummy, she gets up twirls around almost chasing her tail, growls and whines while shoving her face near me. It was kind of a scary because she never does anything like that? She was just laying there then out of no where it was almost like she freaked out and was whining to me. Idk does anybody have a Clue abt this?"
1275,DogAdvice,My dog got spayed and she is losing weight is that normal. She’s 1 year old I would say she has lost about 5 pounds.,She went in on November 14 and the first two days she didn’t want to eat but now she eats normal drinks water and plays. I limited her play due to the other dogs and she gets very crazy while playing but I have noticed she is looking skinny and he back spinal cord shows but not her ribs.
1276,DogAdvice,Dog tail injury,"I think my dog chewed on his tail during the night,seems really itchy,I think because of allergies.I put a cone on him but the spot has seemed to get worse and I think it might be infected.is this something I can treat at home or do I need to take him to the vet?"
1277,DogAdvice,Dog tooth discoloration? Noticed about a week ago and hasn’t gone away. Does this warrant a visit to the vet? No inflammation and the tooth isn’t loose either.,
1278,DogAdvice,Thanksgiving Plans,"So I am wondering what to do on Thanksgiving.  I can either bring my six month old potty trained puppy, which is a real pain, or leave her at home in a gated room. I will probably be gone for 5-7 hours. She sleeps through the night for at least 7 hours. What do you think?"
1279,DogAdvice,Does anyone have an idea what kind of bump this is? My puppy is 9 months old if that helps. Vet has no appointments until next week,
1280,DogAdvice,What are the best tips to avoid your dog barking from the balcony.,"He has access to the full house, but when he sees another dogs walking from the balcony starts barking at him. (Not at all dogs, I still don’t understand his logic to bark or not)"
1281,DogAdvice,Can I give this food for my pet as a treat? Idk much about nutrition value.. (it’s Roasted Seaweed: Nori),
1282,DogAdvice,Dog excited play or aggression?,
1283,DogAdvice,Seizure?,"Hi. Posting again as video didn’t upload first time. We are fostering a senior and today she did this. It lasted for around 5 minutes.  She’s also been having random episodes of heavy panting (not related to exercise, or heat).   

I called vet and sent him the video and he just said to monitor it, and if it happens again bring her in. 

Has anyone else experienced anything like this? We have fostered many dogs and have not seen this before."
1284,DogAdvice,Frenchie bullies,I have  6 French bulldog babies now  2mths old  I don't  have  enough  money  to continue  taking  care  off  please  who can  help  me adopt  them please am in Atlanta Georgie
1285,DogAdvice,Symptoms worsen after vet visit. Where to go from here?,"We went to the vet a few months ago for a suspected uti. She was drinking a bit more than usual and peeing more often on walks. It wasn’t anything too dramatic but just a small notice. There was 1 day she kept asking to go out which prompted the vet visit. 

Urinalysis found suspected bacteria &amp; we were given antibiotics. She toke them for 4 days until the urine culture came back negative in which I stopped. The vet said it was probably not a uti then. During this visit we also did a blood test and x rays but everything was normal except high bilirubin. 

We went back to do another blood test a week or two ago and it’s a different doctor this time (but the same clinic) who is going over the last visit. He mentions something the other vet didn’t which is my dogs urine has a pH of 9 which could indicate a uti. I opted not to do another urinalysis or urine culture because of what the other vet said and just process with blood work. It came back normal. Bilirubin levels were within range. 

These past few days, the drinking water has increased where it’s so noticeable. Few months ago even though I noticed a bit of an increase in intake of water, her pee was still yellow as usual. She generally doesn’t drink that much water anyways. Now it’s like light yellow to clear. And she’s peeing way more often on walks. She’s also gained a few pounds which the 2nd vet noticed. That may or may not be related to the uti symptoms but still something I wanted to mention. 

Idk what to do/ go from here because it seems the vet can’t really figure out what’s going on and blood tests look normal."
1286,DogAdvice,Is this a skin tag on my dog? Or do I need to worry?,
1287,DogAdvice,How do I know if my new puppy (8 weeks) is being aggressive or just playing with my older dog (1year),
1288,DogAdvice,Will my dog be ok?,"Will my dog me ok?

Hello, so yesterday my dog was at a vet visit she was on antibiotics because she ate bad food on Sunday. Now it’s Tuesday and today she ate 2 chicken burritos they were wrapped idk how she got to them but she did. She found a way to eat them, she looks very bloated. Now I can’t afford to take her to the vet again, but can the antibiotics she’s on now work?"
1289,DogAdvice,Seizure?,"Hi all. We are fostering a senior dog. This afternoon she had an episode where she was shaking her head rapidl.  It lasted for around 5 minutes.  I think she bit her tongue during it, there was a bit of blood. She was conscious and walking around the whole time. 

I did call the vet and he said to monitor her, and if it happens again they would refer to a neurologist and possibly put on meds, but I’m worried. 

Has anyone experienced this?  We have fostered many many dogs and I have not seen this."
1290,DogAdvice,Introducing Cat &amp; Dog,"Next year my boyfriend and I are moving in together. I have a cat (F, Pearl) and he has a dog (M, Cudi). We are thinking about renting a townhome for a while.

Any advice for making this work? Pearl has only been around one puppy and it wasn’t a long interaction. She’s a sweet girl and gets along with other cats, but I have no idea how she’ll be with Cudi. 
Cudi is a husky and can be very territorial (as they usually are). He’s a sweet boy and also gets along with other dogs, but has not been around cats.

Any help is appreciated! Both are indoor pets."
1291,DogAdvice,dog won't eat his own food,"I have a 6yo shih tzu/jack russel/Chihuahua mix who will not eat any dog food that is fed to him. I have tried multiple brands, different sizes of kibble, different meats, mixing with wet food, wet alone, etc. He will not eat it. He has absolutely no problem begging for our food or eating the cat food at any opportunity like when we sleep or leave the room. Occasionally he is bold and tries to eat the cat food in front of us. We also dog sit and he is always trying to eat their food. The funny part of that is he will eat their food but it will be the same brand(s) I've tried to feed him either past or presently.

I am pretty sure it is behavioral but I can't figure out why. He is given lots of love, affection, and is a generally well taken care of. I mentioned it to our vet before but they shrugged us off. 

Any ideas?"
1292,DogAdvice,unexpected behavior from new dog?,"I have been with my 3 year-old terrier mix buddy for just over 2 weeks now. He’s a rescue dog and it’s been a great experience so far! No in-home potty accidents, no bites, hardly any barking, etc. He’s been very social/friendly with a couple friends (men and women) and my partner. 

But yesterday he acted mysteriously with a friend of mine. He would lightly growl at him, but then would immediately give him kisses after. Then, he would retreat and growl all over again. On this morning’s walk, he growled at the sight of a guy walking nearby. 
This evening, he was friendly with strangers on the walk…no growls or anything.


I’m only confused &amp; concerned because he’s been lovely with me and the few other friends he’s met over the past two weeks. Is this something to be concerned about? Was it just a mood? I’m aware that dogs tend to show their “true colors” after adjustment, but what what would you chalk this all up to?"
1293,DogAdvice,atropine sulfate ophthalmic solution,"Does anyone have experience with this eye drop medication? My vet prescribed it for my dogs eye injury in addition to an antibiotic drop. Curious if folks found it helpful. It seems to make my dog keep his eye shut after it’s administered, and I guess I find this surprising. Thanks"
1294,DogAdvice,Crate Advice:,"I haven't had a dog in over 16 years but I do try to keep up with what's what.

The only issue I am having is, the dog I am going to foster (my brothers) is a little growly when being out into his crate (or so I am told)

Can I safely leave anything in the crate for him to make it a more positive experience? Or is it like training and sporadically give him treats?

I think part of the problem is this dog doesn't get walked much, so I'm going to be walking him at least twice a day, for at least an hour so hopefully that'll make things a little more easy.

I'm going to get him a nice bed to go there too because it's this safe place.

Info: dog is about 8 years old. Some sort of mutt (will be doing an embark because I am curious) We THINK a chi - terrier mix. He weighs maybe all of 10 pounds."
1295,DogAdvice,Nervous/skittish dog help?,"I got my dog in late 2019, wanted to make sure she had all of her important vaccines before I started major socialization (I had plans of her going EVERYWHERE with me) and then Covid happened and I already worked from home. Now I have a 3 year old skittish pandemic puppy.

I've been taking her a lot more places for the past six months or so and she's doing a bit better and is less panicky. Occasionally, she's even excited to see some of my friends and immediately letting them pet her, but if I take her to my boyfriend's place (she's been around him about a dozen times) for a couple of days, she's still nervous the entire time, wants to put off eating, will only sleep if she's on the bed at my feet, etc. She's not panicked, but definitely uncomfy. (I should add that she was excited to see him this past time for the first evening we were there, by day two, she was nervous about him and his place again.)

I've came to terms with her never being the kind of dog that is fine with strangers petting her and most people accept it when I tell them she's skittish and won't let them touch her, but I do wish I could take her on outings without needing to focus so much attention on everyone and everything that's happening at once, because while I don't think she'll bite, I also don't want to set her up for failure either.

Am I doing mostly what I can here and just have to wait/hope for her to come around to new experiences a bit more? Or is there something else I can add in that will help?

A few other notes:  
She's a Husky/GSD mix.  
She isn't at all food or toy driven, so I'm a bit more lost on how to reward good behavior."
1296,DogAdvice,How can I help my parents mend the relationship between their willful dog and their curious grandson?,"My parents are both in their upper 60s and have a Soft-Coated Wheaton terrier (about 60 lbs) who is extremely willful. They have a shock collar on him, but he typically isn't deterred from bad behaviors due to inconsistent conditioning and probably sheer carelessness to just do what he wants. My 4.5 year old nephew is growing a bit scared of him, as the dog constantly barks and lurches toward him when my parents are babysitting. My nephew isn't scared when he's sitting with my parents in a chair, even if the dog is sniffing and licking his feet. The dog will constantly follow around my parents if they are carrying my nephew, sometimes jumping up to smell or lick my nephew. My nephew is at the age where he wants to run around our house with toys creating a ton of ruckus. This agitates/excites the dog. My parents have gates around the house which successfully sequester the dog and nephew. However, this usually leads to the dog watching right at the gate door (or running in between gate doors if my nephew is running around), incessantly barking until my nephew fully leaves the house.

&amp;#x200B;

I feel bad because the constant barking is stressful, but I don't know how to help my parents. While they definitely could be diligent with training my dog, a few trainers have called him ""the most willful dog they've ever seen"". I'm hoping to crowdsource some ideas on how my parents could find some peace in their home, but I also don't want my nephew to ""permanently"" have a scared dynamic with our dog. My parents would not rehome the dog. Also my sibling has a less intimidating/aggressive (but probably just as loud, more anxious) dog at home that gets along well with my nephew, so I do think there's potential for my nephew to like the dog."
1297,DogAdvice,my senior foster pup might have cushings disease (i think he 100% does..),"i guess this is just a discussion, but im open to advice and if anyone knows anything about it from experience or knowledge. 
(Picture: Snoopy is the big boy, Annie is the little lady!) 

my family and i are fostering (soon to adopt) a senior beagle, he’s 11, and his name is allegedly  “Snoopy.” unfortunately we have little to no information on him, all we know is that his previous owner passed away and the family of the owner wanted to euthanize him. however, in their care, they neutered him at 10 years old. that is all we know about him. from our experience, he is VERY affectionate, he is overweight, he has severe separation anxiety, and he does not respond to his name/commands/sounds. 

we took him to VetCo (petco’s vet, we do not recommend) because we weren’t able to get him into our personal vet yet. anyways, after weeks with that vet, we finally switched and got him into our personal vet. our vet was concerned about Cushing’s disease, and the previous vet had mentioned it too.. because he checks off all the boxes on the symptoms. on top of that, he has chronic ear infections, hearing loss, a heart murmur, and a distant heartbeat (vet said that it’s hard to hear it? it sounds far away… possibly due to him panting  or obesity). we will also have to do a chest X-ray to ensure his lungs and heart are alright. 

i love this dog, he is the sweetest. we put down about $600 or more in vet bills so far, and we plan to put down more to get him tested for Cushing’s disease and X-ray. once they test him, we can get the medication to help give him a quality of life. we are also giving him CBD oil 1-2x daily to help him calm down because his anxiety. 

it just saddens me, knowing that we are going to adopt a dog who’s already a senior, and who’s life could be cut short due to a variety of different reasons. i am also sad because we have another senior beagle, Annie, who is 14 years old too. i know that beagles life expectancy is usually 12-15 years… and my heart breaks just to think about this all."
1298,DogAdvice,Plz help my older dog is terrified of my new puppy,"My dog (2 years old) is scared of my new puppy (10 weeks old)
My family just got a new puppy and our older dog is scared of him. Every time the new dog comes to play with the older dog the older dog runs away in fear, every time my older dog has a toy and the puppy comes running at him the older dog drops the toy and runs.

The older dog seems to be depressed and is not eating his food like he used to and is now totally rejecting treats. We separate the dogs a lot so they can have alone time from each other and we always make the time to show the older dog love so he doesn’t feel left out or replaced

How do I get my older dog to toughen up and will my older dog be depressed forever?"
1299,DogAdvice,Does anyone know what this is? I woke up &amp; my dog was bleeding everywhere. I thought her nail fell off but once I got her paw cleaned I noticed it was coming from this weird pink thing. She won’t let me touch it because it’s hurting her &amp; she’s limping.,
1300,DogAdvice,"Gosh, this might not be the right place.",What do you do about others feeding your dog? Recently I let my six month old puppy go to my moms for the day while I was at work and I asked her to send a picture of him and she sent me a picture of his head in a yoghurt cup... I got pretty upset because we are training him to not care for human food or bug us what we’re eating. How to do you talk to someone who doesn’t care for the training you’re doing with your dog.
1301,DogAdvice,Dog brushing routine advice.,"I brush my dogs’ teeth daily with enzyme toothpaste about an hour after the evening meal, but I’m wondering if there’s specific times of day that are best to brush their teeth?

Last thing before bed, or after a meal, or at the start of the day, or does it probably not matter?

And since I give medications right after tooth brushing, I tend to use the peanut butter meds as a treat for letting me brush. But just now I saw my girl’s teeth had peanut butter on and it made me think, am I negating the effects of tooth brushing by instantly covering the teeth in peanut butter?? XD

I can’t find specific guidelines on best times to brush, just lots of advice about how to get your dogs to accept it, which I don’t need! Any advice or thoughts welcome."
1302,DogAdvice,Lung mass in Pomeranian puppy,"My mum has a 10 month old Pomeranian. She’s had a hacking type cough for a few months (usually when she gets excited). We took her to a vet who gave some medication which showed some improvement until it ran out. We took her to another vet who did a full physical and suspected a collapsed trachea but wanted to do some X-rays first. Apparently there’s a mass on her lung which she says is not cancerous (not sure what indicates that on an X-ray) but she doesn’t know what it could be so she’s going to start her on medication and see how that goes before investigating any further.

Other than the coughing she is perfectly healthy, happy and has not acted abnormal at all. She’s very cheery and super friendly, and the vet said her physical exam was perfect.

If the vet has ruled out cancer, is there anything else it could that’s life threatening? My mum is absolutely distraught and whilst I know this isn’t medical advice I’m just wondering if anyone has experienced anything similar and could shed some light?"
1303,DogAdvice,Ongoing Digestive Issues,"My English Springer Spaniel Roxy (8 years old, female) has been having ongoing digestive issues for about 2 months now. We've been back and forth to the vet many times. This all started around September 25th.

It started out as painful gas. She would cry and pace for an hour to 2 hours. Eventually I'd get her to settle, put the heating pad on her belly and she would pass some really smelly farts and then just go to sleep. It was progressively becoming more frequent so we knew she needed to get into the vet. We called the vet and the first appointment was 2 weeks out. But they prescribed us a probiotic and recommended trying Beano over the counter with dinner and told us to try a bland diet of Chicken and Rice in the meantime.

Then we finally went to her appointment and got her bloodwork and a stool sample analyzed. Stool sample was normal, bloodwork only showed her Phosphate level was a little low, not really conclusive of anything. Vet prescribed a prescription diet Purina Gastro EN and said we could also use Gas X whenever she had an episode. We were slowly transitioning to the new diet and things were looking better. We only had about 3 gas episodes during the transition rather than every single night and whenever an episode was coming on we would give her Gas X and it would resolve in a half hour. So we learned how to treat it, but not what's causing it.

We scheduled an abdominal ultrasound. We lost our last dog really suddenly and wanted to be sure this wasn't something serious. Meanwhile the day before the ultrasound we had almost finished transitioning to the new diet, but suddenly she has diarrhea. So we go back to chicken and rice. She fluctuated between bouts of bad diarrhea and semi solid stool, we are now on day 4 of diarrhea. We have tried fasting for 12 hours. Then small frequent meals of chicken and rice. On day 3 we also added a spoonful of pumpkin. Probiotics in the morning, beano at night. Today we returned to the vet for repeat bloodwork and they gave us Flagyl for the diarrhea. Meanwhile my dad and I also had terrible diarrhea as well. So it's possible that it's a diarrhea bug that we all caught and is actually a separate issue from the gas..

It's a huge relief that her ultrasound was normal and didn't show a tumor or anything. But I'm also frustrated that we have no real answers for what's going on with Roxy. She's lost 7 pounds. I'm frustrated that everyone just keeps telling me to keep doing what I'm doing. I'm frustrated that I called the vet over and over and Roxy had to have diarrhea for four days before someone finally prescribed something. I'm hopeful that we can get her stable and that this is a bug and all she needed was a different diet. I love this dog so much.. I'm exhausted. I've spent so many nights up with her with either diarrhea or gas. Everytime I take her out I'm so anxious that she's gonna have more diarrhea."
1304,DogAdvice,I need some help with my dog,"My dog has just turned 4 he has recently started doing his business in the house again for the first time since he was a puppy and he's also not listening to some commands that he's given, this has never been an issue until now I thing something might be wrong with him but I'm not sure I would really appreciate any help that I can get thank you"
1305,DogAdvice,Spin-Cycle Overload,"We have recently adopted a second GSD from the shelter (\~2 months ago). At first, the dog (we named him Dog) was acclimating well, learning new tricks and easily house trained. Three weeks ago today, we noticed Dog start to spin while sniffing the ground (bi-directional) and let out a high pitch bark when he completed the turn (not tail chasing). This coincided with the installation of our sod grass that day as well as switching to a new food: Inukshuk. We have tried changing his food back to what he had before the switch to no avail (Orijen Original). A couple days before onset, he finished a month long regimen of Doxycycline for heartworms. Since then, and truly over the course of the first 1-2 days, the behavior has increased in frequency to nearly all day except when he is sleeping. If he goes outside, we cannot distract him from this behavior (balls/ physically trying to move him, etc), and he also pulls up clumps of grass during the spins with his mouth. We are afraid to let him outside because of the noise + destroying our new grass. Indoors, he also spins, yips, and licks the floor/drags his teeth on the flooring while spinning. Sometimes a ball will distract him indoors for a few minutes while he chews on it, but most often he will run to a ball or a toy and then spin cycle once he reaches the ball. He used to have a solid “come,” but he now ignores it while spin-cycling. His vocalizations have also increased to constant, be it whining anxiously or high-pitched yapping most hours of the day. For example, he used to be very calm/happy during a car ride, and you can see in the video I’ve attached anxious vocalizing.   


He is going to the vet next week for a blood panel + heartworm injection. We have called them a couple times about the spin-cycle, and their advice was to redirect, and we have been dedicated to doing so, but it’s nearly impossible at this point to really distract him from the spin-cycle at all, or at least distract him constantly all day. We fortunately both work from home, so we can rule out separation anxiety, and we have the capacity to work with him more than most would be able to. He does this in the crate as well, but instead of licking he digs at the pad.   


All of this is to say, we are desperate for any insights, hearing from those with similar experiences, or advice. 

Thankful for your replies!"
1306,DogAdvice,My collie has been vomiting three days in a row.,The past few days my dog has thrown up her breakfast. This has happened three days in a row. She’s then back to life and acting normal. Today she threw up this morning and has been fine the rest of the day and has now thrown up this evening too. I’m not sure what this could be as it’s very unlike her? I’m going to call the vet in the morning. Does anyone have any advice on what this could be or what I should do.
1307,DogAdvice,Which Dog Breed Is Right For You?,
1308,DogAdvice,Dog often has upset stomach only in the morning.,"My dog has gurgling sounds in the morning and is often not hungry. Today he was also sitting down a lot and wouldn’t want to go on his walk. He is eating the freeze dried raw nuggets on his meal but won’t touch his kibble. He has a bunch of food allergies, poultry, dairy, beef, duck, turkey and lamb so I give him a venison based kibble and pork based freeze dried topper. Do you think he could be allergic to venison also since he is okay eating pork based freeze dried food and I haven’t seen him poop yet so don’t know about that but it happens frequently that his stomach makes weird noises in the morning and he is often not hungry. We’ve done all tests and haven’t found anything, will get a referral for internal medicine specialist moving forward but any tips"
1309,DogAdvice,can I take my dog to hospital,my boy accidentally broke he's nail while chasing cat what should I do? pls help :(
1310,DogAdvice,Is this “whale eye”? 😞 was one of my favorite pictures of me and my dog and I’m just now noticing this.,
1311,DogAdvice,What is this bald patch on my 1 year old dog?,
1312,DogAdvice,My dog has HGE,"Hey everyone, 

My small dog has HGE. I found out earlier yesterday when he came back from being outside and big drops of blood trailed behind him on the sheet of my bed, I went outside to look at his stool to see if something he ate cut him a little, but his stool looked like jam and was bloody diarrhea. 
I was able to take him to the vet for an emergency appointment and his was diagnosed with HGE which can be/if fatal. He is in a fair amount of pain which is breaking my heart. 
I don’t have the money to take him into the vet again for his treatment of an overnight stay to push IV’s into his body, antibiotics. Which will cost a total of $500. I usually would be able to pay for this but ran into some personal family emergencies that wiped me out. 
I am asking if anyone has any ideas and tips on keeping him comfortable and as healthy as I can until I get paid on the 1st. 

Thank you for any advice given to me. I just want to make him feel as comfortable as possible until the 1st"
1313,DogAdvice,My dog (2 years old) is scared of my new puppy (10 weeks old),"My family just got a new puppy and our older dog is scared of him. Every time the new dog comes to play with the older dog the older dog runs away in fear, every time my older dog has a toy and the puppy comes running at him the older dog drops the toy and runs. 

The older dog seems to be depressed and is not eating his food like he used to and is now totally rejecting treats. We separate the dogs a lot so they can have alone time from each other and we always make the time to show the older dog love so he doesn’t feel left out or replaced 

How do I get my older dog to toughen up and will my older dog be depressed forever?"
1314,DogAdvice,my dog loves chewing the ends of this toy. can anyone reccommend something similiar?,
1315,DogAdvice,3yo Boston pooping in house,"My 3yo Boston Terrier is pooping in my in-laws house. The thing is, he does NOT do this anywhere else. Not at my house, not at my parents house, not at the cottage, at work, etc. It only happens when my in-laws are dog sitting him (which is every day - they watch him while I am at work). He only goes poo right by the front door. Nowhere else in the house. There are bells by all of the doors that he *knows* to press when he wants to go out for potty time (all of them have been tested and are fully functional). I'm at a loss on how to stop this behavior. When this first started happening I scheduled an appointment with the vet. She said there is nothing physically wrong with him and she doesn't have a clue why he's doing this. 

Advice? Recommendations on products to stop this? "
1316,DogAdvice,What are these small bugs crawling around my dogs butt?,
1317,DogAdvice,"my dog ""coughs"" after our long, fast walks. Only when we get home. sometimes she'll even throw up a little. It worries me, does anyone know what it could be? my theory is in post","You know when you're running and suddenly stop and become nauseous/throw up? I wonder if that's what's going on with her. I've tried slow walking for the last half mile of our walk and the ""coughing"" still happens. She doesn't cough while walking, only when we get home from the walk. The vet is expensive but is this worth it to bring her in for?"
1318,DogAdvice,How to get a dog used to wearing booties?,"Hi all. Sorry if this isn't the correct place to ask! I'd like to get my dog booties for the winter since he loves to go on walks. With all the loose gravel and salt laying on the road, I'd like to get him booties to help protect his paws and so they don't get too cold when in the snow. But I have a feeling he's going to hate having them on lol. Any suggestions/experiences with getting a dog used to wearing them, or is it better to just go bare paw?"
1319,DogAdvice,Deter my dog from jumping on couches,"I have a very stubborn shepherd that is really hard to train and she always jump and the couches and she’s like crazy. 

Any tip on spray or mixtures in order to get her NOT to sit on the furniture ? Ty"
1320,DogAdvice,"My Dog injured her Paw pad, info in comments",
1321,DogAdvice,Dog extra clingy,"We are a family of 7 people. My dog is very attached to my father in law and usually stays with him. We recently had a shirt 1 day trip leaving my father in law and him behind. Ever since we came back, he is not leaving my side for a minute. He just wants to be with me all the time, he needs all my attention, wants to sleep on my bed. He does not even want my husband to sleep with us. Should I be concerned about this? He has never shown such affection to anyone before. For reference, he has anxiety issues."
1322,DogAdvice,So you guys know what this is,
1323,DogAdvice,What are some better alternative treats for my dog?,"We have been feeding my dog a couple of good lovin treats, the pinks ears, maple ham bone, and rawhide rolls. We haven't had any problems, thankfully, but i have been seeing some stuff online saying that this selection of treats is bad, in specific the rawhide and ham bones. I was already aware that rawhide was bad for dogs, but as it said 100 percent digestible I just assumed it was made of something else with the rawhide part simply being a marketing ploy.  We have decided to stop giving him the ham bones since those are dangerous, but i was just wondering if the rawhide rolls are also bad? I have seen a couple of different companies do the same thing of saying something is 100 percent digestible rawhide such as better belly, are these claims legitimate or should i just switch to no hide? Sorry for how many questions there are, I'm kinda freaking out cause i dont want my dog to get sick LOL"
1324,DogAdvice,My dog likes outside more than inside,"Obviously my dog is an outside dog. but she has separation anxiety, so she will bark when she wants attention. I train and get her tired and she barely barks during the day until its time to eat dinner. she sometimes wants it early it seems. Thats not the problem though, she is quieter than the other dogs in our neighborhood that are around us and the most behaved big/medium dog on leash.

problem: she likes being outside more than in her crate at night.

explain: when it was warmer i'd have to pet her and then she'd get up to come in and be just fine during the night in her kennel, i dont force her in, she just walks into it with guidence.

now that its cold, we obviously dont want her to freeze outside. she has a dog enclosure she can safely be in with access always to water, a bed, and an igloo. when we bring her in for the night, she goes in as usual and then after a few moments of letting us sleep she starts whinning and barking. at first you'd think ""she just needs water"" or ""she needs a potty break."" well we did both of those, she didnt take the water (when she was a pup she tended to have water at night when she barked which is why i trued it this time) and she went pee. we bring her back in and then a few minutes later she is barking again. we eventually put her outside in the doggy pen and she goes right to sleep on her outside bed, then she wakes up whinning a bit (i assume she forgot it was cold outside til she woke up) and then she goes into her kennel and sleeps the rest of the night perfectly fine.

if we have an anxiety collar from the vet on her, she is better at night inside.

we dont want her to be cold outside. so we prefer her to be inside, but in the last 2 days, she prefers outside. we are working on getting a heating dog bed for her so she isnt cold but it would be nice to know is warmer inside.

her anxiety collar lasts 1 month so after that we have to schedule another, in between those days we dont want to be kept up all night trying to calm her down.

clarify: We do NOT want her outside in the cold. *she* chooses it.

anything we could do?

note: she is 8 yrs old, a Rottweiler, and she has had past seizures due to a mold allergy (affected us too. we moved since then) so the vet said we gotta be careful of the anxiety meds. she had us try some and it gave her a seizure so we stopped and the anxiety collar works great, no seizures."
1325,DogAdvice,Dog keeps licking this red bump in between his paws,
1326,DogAdvice,"New rescue and old pup-bonding? We’ve had our rescue for 2 weeks, poor guy hasn’t napped the whole time until the last two days where they both curl up on me like this… not quite touching yet but close! Here is to what I hope is a lifetime friendship between them!",
1327,DogAdvice,Is this something I should worry about I touched it doesn’t seem to hurt,
1328,DogAdvice,Advice on how to quickly settle a dog into moving homes?,
1329,DogAdvice,Belgian Malinois/m/5yrs/71lbs,
1330,DogAdvice,extremely dominant and aggressive dog,"Hello, I hope someone can help me or give me some advice.. 

I try to make it short and sum everything up.  

My dog is extremely dominant towards other dogs and horribly territorial, I really think that this is an extreme case. I adopted him over a year ago , he‘s 2 years old , castrated and 17 pounds (tiny) , don‘t know his breed, he‘s a mix, but really really beautiful and cute and looks like an angel actually but if he gets angry, he turns into a devil. 

The first months were horrible, he became more and more reactive, went totally crazy when we came close to other dogs, he barked at everything and got aggressive towards me in those moments of rage. I was so so desperate, we live in the city and there are so many dogs here, it was impossible to avoid them completely. Going on a walk with him was horrible, at home I spent my time watching videos and reading stuff etc, I was so exhausted.. i couldn‘t afford a dog trainer or anything so I had to do it on my own, I tried several stuff from counter conditioning, worked a lot with treats, in the end I did a mixture of everything and it got better with time.. 

so now I can go on a walk with him and actually enjoy it (at least most of the time). He gets alonh well with little dogs , females in general , he‘s extremely dominant though and also insecure, sometimes even anxious towards little dogs which is absurd, because when he see‘s a bigger male dog (not castrated worst case) he gets totally wild and its difficult for me to control him. 
In most cases I can handle him very well but there is particularly one dog which is his hate object nr 1 and he becomes this evil rage machine , it‘s really scary actually. I can‘t call it aggression because it doesn‘t describe it at all. In that state I cannot do much. I tell him to STOP It, try to make him sit, making eye contact , which works with other dogs that he doesn’t like but not with his hate objects (that one dog and especially huskies) Even when the dog is not in sight anymore he marks the ground like crazy , growling at the same time, raised hair from neck to tail… 

today we had this encounter in the morning, he went wild, I tried but couldn‘t control him, he bit me in the leg. I was so angry and so sad because I thought that we passed that shit already, it was a huge relapse. most people find it funny when he gets angry because he‘s little and cute , he always has this beauty bonus. In the first months I always tried to find excuses for this behaviour(he‘s traumatized etc , he was abandoned) but I think it‘s his extremely dominant attitude which has nothing to do with the past. On the other hand he‘s the cutest dog, he really is. 

What is really concerning for me is the level of rage and aggression , he goes from 0 to 10000, it also happened that he got along well with a dog and all of a sudden he got mad and attacked the other dog without any warning. He’s so unpredictable and I’m afraid that he could seriously harm another dog. Of course other owners find it funny because “cute little dog gets angry“ “don‘t worry, it‘s ok“.. no it‘s not. another big problem is the vet. We were three (!!!) people trying to control and hold him for one vaccine. I don‘t know what happens if he gets ill and needs treatment … even the vets said it to me “this is not normal. We have seen extrem cases of nervous and anxious dogs at the vet.“ 

I tried to get him used to a muzzle, we trained that but he gets paralized as soon as he wears it, he wouldn‘t move .. i don‘t think that wearing a muzzle is the solution, I wish it was. He also rejects any kind of collar, he turns into a depressed thing, he only wears a harness for walks. Don‘t know what he went through and why he hates other dogs so much. 
At home he‘s cute and I‘m happy with him, he sleeps at his place, no begging at the table (of course he tries but he goes back to his place when I tell him) , no destruction or aggression problems, he waits for my commando to start eating , no extrem barking only when excited for something.. one vet said to me that I should not give him affection, no petting, no cuddling, only one place for him, all rooms forbidden, basically only nos nos nos.. i mean, this is not the solution right? We have rules, like I wrote above, but I don‘t think that something would change for the better if I stopped petting him. 

I hope this wasn‘t too much.. it would be nice to hear other experiences , maybe someone knows something, I would appreciate that alot! Thank you!!"
1331,DogAdvice,"Hiccups for hours, vomits sometimes","Three year old hound. Every other day, he gets hiccups and sometimes vomits. Not sure, but vomiting may stop hiccups.

Any idea why, what to look for, and other general advice?"
1332,DogAdvice,Puppy got her shots and now the bottom of her tail/back is bothering her A LOT. Is this just normal post shots?,"13 week old puppy got her second round and now she cries every time I pick her up or try and pet her. The sensitive area seems to be the bottom of her tail. Should I be concerned? Or is it just normal for her to have some tenderness around there after shots? I thought it would be more her hip than her tail. Was thinking about calling the vet in the morning but wanted to see if anybody else has had a similar thing with their dog. 

Another slight concern, she isn’t crazy about her food. All my puppies in the past have been food crazy and she just eats however much she wants (less than the bag suggests) and then walks away from it. She’s a healthy weight and is growing fast. Just curious if this is concerning or a good sign that she only eats if she’s hungry."
1333,DogAdvice,Growths on toes ( more in comments),
1334,DogAdvice,Watching a second dog for the holiday - Any Tips?,"Hi folks -- I'm watching a friend's dog for the week. My 1-year old pup and this 6-year old pup have met and socialized a few times (one at my place, a couple of times at theirs, and once out on a ""family hike"") and while they have different energy levels have played a bit and everything has been okay. However, I'd still like folks' tips/advice on how to make sure the week goes as smoothly as possible. I don't have guests over a ton, and though neither dog has shown any hint of being territorial, my pup is a little bit of an attention hog (in particular hogging any dog/human third party attention)."
1335,DogAdvice,My dog is acting anxious about being inside because of flies?,"I have a 10 year old lab/husky mix who has always been a very… emotional, dog.  He picks up on vibes, gets depressed if it’s not a nice day out, extra anxious with loud noises, etc.  However recently he’s been acting like he’s afraid to be inside.  At first we thought it was because his ear was bothering him but we’ve cleaned his ear up now and he’s still acting like this.  Then when he sees a fly he jumps up and runs off when it didn’t even really fly near him.  Flies have been getting in the house a lot lately but it’s getting to a point with the dog where he refuses to come inside and we have to chase him around the yard to leash him and bring him in after he’s been out for so long.  He’ll tremble and have his tail tucked and we can’t figure out how to calm him because we’re not even 100% sure it or the flies causing this reaction.  He isn’t afraid of them when he’s outside and they buzz around him but inside is different for some reason.  I just don’t know if maybe it’s the flies or if something else medically is going on with him maybe?  And then if it is the flies I don’t know how to calm him.
We just don’t know what to do and are really worried"
1336,DogAdvice,Spot appeared 10 days ago and is getting bigger.,This is a 75 lb neutered female lab. She doesn’t seem to notice this spot. It first appeared as the hair slightly lighter in color but now the hair is much lighter and very course. The skin underneath looks darker than the surrounding area. Anyone have an idea what this might be?
1337,DogAdvice,Small white lump on dogs paw pad feels like a little pimple,
1338,DogAdvice,Hard lump under skin of my 8 month old Great Pyrenees,Hi! New dog owner here. Got my 8 month old male GP about 2 months ago. He is an outside working dog on a farm. Today I noticed while petting him a hard lump about the size and shape of a lipstick tube on his left shoulder blade. I've never noticed it before and I spend a lot of time out there with him petting him. At first I thought it was a bone protruding but nothing similar on the other side. I pressed hard on it and he did not react so it doesn't seem like it is causing him pain but I am concerned about him. He is not limping or anything and is eating and drinking and acting normal. Any advice on what it could be?
1339,DogAdvice,"Dog ate paper muffin wrapper 1.5 days ago, seems fine but hasn’t passed it.","Advice needed- our 20 pound Westie ate a banana nut muffin wrapper Sunday morning (1.5 days ago). We have been monitoring her and she’s her normal self. She pooped yesterday evening and this morning and both were normal. Her appetite has been good.

Overnight she did throw up a little in her crate which she does from time to time (tends to randomly eat things on our back patio) and she did not poop yet this evening.

Is she ok if it doesn’t pass? Is it possible it is dissolving? It was just a standard paper wrapper on the muffin. We are supposed to travel for thanksgiving tomorrow and she is supposed to be at her daycare place for the week.  Not sure of what to do here."
1340,DogAdvice,3yo female was spayed 16 days ago. does her wound look ok? she is booked into the vets for tomorrow as she seems to still be in pain but I'm not sure if it's the spay or something else...,
1341,DogAdvice,Came home and realized my dog has the really big mark under his eye that appears to be a scratch any idea what this may be?,
1342,DogAdvice,"The dog has been vomiting whole food for two days, is it worrying? (Ate rice at lunch",
1343,DogAdvice,How do I build confidence cutting black dog's nails?,"This is just after a trim, and I trim regularly. But her nails are just so black!! I feel like I don't take enough length off, but I'm terrified of hitting her quick. I know the visual 'tricks'to determine when you're close to the quick but I still feel like a ball of anxiety trying to avoid hitting it. She also just has a stupid long quick, even when she gets professionally groomed &amp; has her nails dremeled they're still pretty long. She is good about trims, it's me that has the issue."
1344,DogAdvice,Leaking fluid from paws,"My 13yo boxer pit mix has some issues with swelling and fluid retention. He’s seen two different vets, one charged us $800 to tell us they don’t know what’s going on, the other said heart cancer and he would die in a few weeks. This was about a year and a half ago. Normally he swells up for about a week, then pees it all out. This time is worse, the swelling isn’t going down like it normally does. He is leaking a clear fluid from his paws, and it’s like a lot. The vet can’t get him in until next week, and I refuse to go back to the emergency vet who told us they didn’t know. I don’t know what to do for him, the person from the vets office I spoke to didn’t seem like she believed that he was actually leaking from his paws. What could it even be?"
1345,DogAdvice,Adorable names for a pomeranian/spitz?,"I'm getting a little boy on Sunday and need to think of names, he's a fluff ball and looks like a teddy bear.

I like names that are very cute sounding, I'm not a huge fan of human names unless it's something that it still cute like Koda, milo or has two names in one like teddy/short for Ted.

But yeah feel free to comment name ideas for my baby 🥰"
1346,DogAdvice,Do dogs always bleed when on their period?,"My stepmoms 1.5 y/o ShitPu has never bled, she’s shown other signs of being in heat though on occasions ie: licking vulva, enlarged/pinker vulva, hormonal changes like being extra needy, annoying my dog more etc.. it does all happen at the same time the only thing she’s never done is bled.  Just wondering if this is normal as my own dog was spayed when i rescued her and all previous dogs were male so im not experienced with dog periods. tia"
1347,DogAdvice,Can/should I introduce my puppy to my mom’s dogs and let him out in the yard?,"I just got a puppy (my first ever pup). He is 8.5 weeks old. I have a rescue dog that is 7 (I have had him for 2.5 years). I introduced the pup and my dog just a few days ago. They have been doing well together so far, though they are always supervised of course and are separated at night or when I have to go to work.

Its important to note that my pup is working on potty training using puppy pads and hasn’t touched grass yet (or really been outside). 

I am going to my parents’ house for Thanksgiving this week. My parents have two dogs and a large fenced in yard. My pup has had his first round of puppy shots (after which I introduced him to my dog). He will be getting his second round before I go to my parents’ house. 

My questions are, should I let him outside in their fenced in yard under supervision for a short amount of time (so he can touch grass and explore some) or should I keep him in the room I’ll be staying in, in isolation? Also, should I allow him to be introduced to my parents’ dogs? All of our dogs are up to date on shots and monthly flea/tick/work medications. I just don’t want to overwhelm the little guy and since this is my first puppy I wanted to ask. TIA"
1348,DogAdvice,OTC treatment for moist dermatitis in palliative dog,"Hi! 

My parents have an elderly shih tzu with heart failure, and while she's on medication for that, the plan is to let her go peacefully on her own time. Taking her to the vet upsets her so much that they just automatically refill her meds for her without visits, since the clinic doesn't do tele visits

She isn't fat but has this big fold on her butt, right above her tail, and from the smell and look of it, it seems to be moist dermatitis. While I'm visiting them, I'm gently drying the fold when I can, but I'm at a loss as to what kind of otc powder I can get for her. The vet won't prescribe anything without seeing her, I can't find anyone who will see a new patient over telehealth, and the only experience I have with this was resolved with Neo-Predef powder. 

She doesn't seem to be in pain, but I don't want it to get to the point where she is. Any advice?"
1349,DogAdvice,Is this type of play friendly? The neck stuff always makes me nervous so we give them a break when that happens but would love for it to completely stop,
1350,DogAdvice,"Interested in buying puppy, found out hes been taken away from mother early.","So I've had my heart set on this puppy from the moment I saw him, he's a pomchi currently 5 weeks.

Now I've been speaking to the breeders, and have found out he's been taken away from the mother early as she stopped producing milk.. I'm assuming around 4 weeks. He was given to them due to them owning the dad (the stud) which means puppy hasn't been completely alone and has had dad with him.

However, I am now very concerned.. this would be my first time owning a puppy and although I am going to do training I'm worried this may be a bad idea.

Is it likely he will have issues? He has been with dad"
1351,DogAdvice,Dog ear tip is bleeding,"Hello, 

My dog (1.5 year old hound mix) has had on/off scabbing on the tip of his ear for the past few months. At first, I dismissed it as a simple nip from another dog that he plays with, but it seems to reoccur in the same location on the same ear. He is not an outdoor dog, and is up to date on all his vaccines and heartworm + tick meds. 

The spot is small, about 4-5mm across, and bleeds occasionally. When it is scabbed over, it is a hard, crystal-like feeling that is noticeable. Additionally, my dog yelps a bit if I handle the scab. 

I cleaned it up with soap and water, and got these pics: https://imgur.com/a/jqBodtL

Any ideas what this could be? And, any ideas what could help? It seems to heal and go away, only to crop up again a few months later in the same spot. 

Thanks!"
1352,DogAdvice,How to start my dog in daycare?,"I have a 3 year lab/cattle dog mix. She is THE sweetest, kind, easygoing dog. However she doesn’t play fetch with any toy I tried, she doesn’t play with other toys she has, the two things she likes are dog parks (even then she is picky with the dogs there) or playing/running/walking with me. I usually walk her 3 miles a day and take her to the park for min an hour on top of that. However with winter coming up and daylight savings time, it’s now dark when we wake up and dark when I get home, I tried the dog park but there’s nobody there after sunset, and to top it off coyotes have been coming into the city and I’m scared to venture far in the dark. As it is, I can’t tire her and while she is a good girl and doesn’t destroy anything while I’m at work, I wanna make her as happy as possible and I see how full of energy she is on our walks.

So I finally caved in, did my research and found a good daycare. But I don’t know how to go about this. My dog and I have never been really apart, I occasionally ask friends to dogsit her but always at my place. She is very uncomfortable in new environments, twice we did sleepovers at a friend’s house and she was very agitated in the evening to go home, she even peed on the carpet and didn’t ‘speak to me’ the whole time. If we go on a day visit and I leave the room/house briefly (to go to the car for example) she barks and cries and tries her hardest to follow me. I know once she gets used to the daycare she’ll have a blast. As a puppy she had a lot of separation anxiety. So I don’t want to just take her to the daycare and leave her there and trigger something day 1. I don’t want her to feel abandoned. This is the primary reason I avoided daycares for the past 3 years. 

Any advice on how to go about this?"
1353,DogAdvice,Dog ate wrong medicine,"My 50 pound Australian Shepard takes 37.5mg of deramaxx daily. Well this morning while feeding her her medicine, my 16 Pound Boston ran in and ate it when she dropped it. Should I be concerned about this? That is a big weight difference and I know the medicine goes by weight."
1354,DogAdvice,My dog randomly stopped humping? Is this normal?,"Hi y’all! First time posting here. 

I have a 2.5 year old pug. Ever since the day we brought him home he’s “humped” normally once a day lol. He has a blanket that he likes to hump and he’s just always done it. Yes he still needs to be neutered, he’s never around other dogs but we still need to for health purposes. (I saw posts in a pug group about pugs somewhat commonly dying under anesthesia so I’m honestly just so scared.) Anyways, we went on a 4 day trip where we boarded him at the same place we always do, and he seems to do just fine there. Last time we picked him up, they told us he was humping his bed alot but this time they did not. We’ve now been back for 7 days and he has not humped his bed or blanket at all. Of course I suppose he could be doing it when I’m not home, but I’m home more often than not and he’s never seemed to desire the privacy before lol. All of his other behavior is normal (eating, peeing/pooping, playing etc) Obviously I’m not mad that this behavior has gone away, but I am worried and hoping it’s normal to just stop all of the sudden. My husband thinks I’m ridiculous for worrying but seeking some opinions. Thank you so much. 😊"
1355,DogAdvice,"Looking for general tips on how to resolve a situation with a neighbor, train my dog better, and know my rights with animal control.","Hello, so I have a 30lb dog that lives in an apartment complex. He is generally sweet and well behaved but he is a territorial barker and doesn’t really understand why so many people live right outside of our house. He has never attempted to bite anyone but he can sound very scary when he barks. He will pull on the leash and bark. We have has a few run ins with the next door neighbor and us leaving at the exact same time because our doors are 2 feet apart. 

Anyways she is fed up and scared of him even though he’s never done anything- she is claiming he’s tried to bite her on multiple occasions and reporting animal control because she claims we have no control over him. In my opinion this is just a straight up lie, but I could imagine how an aggressive sounding dog that we are holding on the leash might seem like he’s “trying to bite” when he’s pulling towards you. We have introduced them in the past and he always tries to hide behind us when she gets close. 

Regardless though, I want to be a better neighbor and curb my dogs excessive barking and territorial attitude because I’m aware it’s obnoxious as hell for everyone. Currently we do some treat training where we calmly sit him down and close his mouth and give a treat when he settles down, but it is not working fast enough. I think a muzzle is probably appropriate at this point if only for us to look better as far as taking action with the situation. I don’t think her accusations are fair, but I want to do more to be on the safe side. Has anyone dealt with any situations like this?"
1356,DogAdvice,What are some ways to care for dog with mast cell tumors?,"Hi all. I'm looking for advice from others who have had a dog with inoperable mast cell tumors. Back in June my dog (11) had surgery to remove one and it was a grade 3. Margins were clean and there was spread to one lymph which was also removed. Even after two different chemo medications, she's developed new tumors which aren't operable. She's not responding to chemo so we've decided to focus on her quality of life. The tumors haven't slowed her down. She still loves her walks, gets excited for dinner time, and wants to chase whatever little animals she sees in our yard. I want her to enjoy whatever time she has left. She's 11 after all. I'm working with my vet to keep her comfortable and happy. 

If you've had experience with this, what are some ways to care for a dog with this disease? My main concern is cleaning and caring for any ulcerated tumors. I know that my vet can advise me on this but I wanted to seek out advice and experiences from anyone who has gone through this.

Thank you!"
1357,DogAdvice,What should I do about my dog over the holidays?,"TL;DR leave my dog at an Airbnb close by, doggie daycare, or leave him at home but he’ll be alone for longer periods of time. 


Christmas is coming up and I’m still trying to figure out what would be the best way to take care of my dog while at family gatherings. Will be going to one family function on Christmas Eve, and another on Christmas Day. They are both close to each other, but far enough from my house that we will likely be staying over at my mom’s house for the two days.



My dog is quite well behaved when visiting other people, but can’t go to the Christmas Eve gathering because they have cats, and he can’t come to the Christmas Day because my sister has pretty bad allergies and a small baby, and is also scared of Coop a bit (he’s very sweet but very big and very hairy). I could probably fight to bring him but I don’t want my sister to be uncomfortable at Christmas.



Anyway, I’m not really sure what I’m going to do with my dog. He is really good 99% of the time, but will sometimes steal something and resource guard it, so I don’t feel comfortable leaving him at a daycare. We once got a friend to watch him for a week while we were on vacation and he was so bad, that my friend was literally scared of him and we had to get a family member pick him up midweek. (Had a different friend watch him once but that friend I guess was experienced with resource guarding so was able to handle it). But it seems like he acts up when he’s with unfamiliar people in an unfamiliar place. He usually is watched by my partners family when we go away (he grew up with them in that house so they never have any trouble) but they are going to be at the Christmas Eve gathering, and will have their own thing on Christmas Day. 



My mom has offered to watch him while we are away for Christmas Eve, but then I’ll still need to find somewhere for him to go on Christmas Day. 



Options are: I have booked a dog friendly Airbnb near my mom’s house that we could bring him to so we can easily go and visit / walk him a few times that day. Im just worried he will be really stressed in an unfamiliar house by himself and destroy something (he’s hasn’t had separation anxiety at our house). 



Or we leave him at our place and just go home each night but Coop will be by himself for two full days and I don’t think that’s really fair for him. 



There are also “doggie suites” in my mom’s area, sort of like a daycare, but alone. But you have to do a consultation as well as a “doggie daycare trial”, so we’d have to get that done before the holidays start. 



Ideally, my mom’s friend lives practically next door and we could potentially leave Coop there (she has a dog as well so it’s all dog proofed), but only if she is away for Christmas because while our dogs do get along, it’s still always a risk with two dogs in the same house. But it would be so nice if we could use her house because we could pop in and out super easily throughout the day and my family loves a Christmas walk. 



Does anyone have any advice, or tips? All is appreciated !!"
1358,DogAdvice,Slipped or possible ruptured disc,"Yelp of pain coupled with low and tentative mobility on Thursday, vet appointment on Friday couldn’t figure out what was wrong and we were sent home with anti inflammatory and pain meds. 
Went to emergency today as he was visibly distressed and vet immediately knew it was either a slipped or ruptured disc. Sent home with heavy pain meds and crating orders apart from toilet break every 4ish hours. 
If no improvement in 2-3 days he needs to have spinal surgery. 
I’m so scared, worried, paranoid and an emotional wreck. Has anyone been in a similar situation? Any happy stories? Please."
1359,DogAdvice,My dog (11 months old) cannot swim,"So let’s start this post off by saying I haven’t had her the whole time and was born during quarentine so had never left the house, so definitely had no idea how to even attempt swimming or what a beach was, but needless to say I was in the pool one day with said dog and carrying her to the edge just to test if she knew anything about swimming (which she didn’t, but was close to steps so it didn’t matter) and I let her go but was right next to her and she was moving her front legs but not back, and just ended up sinking, so any advice on how to help her how to swim?"
1360,DogAdvice,"Found a freezing pup outside, now what?","Last night around 1:30am, my friend and I found a pup wandering around outside, freezing cold, without a collar. We got her inside, fed and watered, a nice warm bath, and lots of pets and attention. She’s curled up, sleeping cozily now. 

I’ve never had a dog before… the largest animal I’ve had is a cat… and I don’t want to mess things up. So… help? 

I plan to take her to the vet tomorrow for a check up, and to see if she has one of those scanner ID chips implanted. If not, I’ll post flyers around my neighborhood to see if anyone is missing her. 

She was terrified, starving, and smelled like stale urine when we found her. And she’s got a kind of rust-colored rash under her neck where a collar should’ve been. She hasn’t really made any noise, and is incredibly sweet. She stopped shaking from fear after the bath, and even managed to have some playful tippy taps when she met my cat (who is not amused). 

No idea what breed she is… see the Imgur album below. 

Thank you for any help you lovely folks are willing to provide! 

https://imgur.com/a/4rLcS2I"
1361,DogAdvice,9 year old pomchi now has a bald spot,"Hi! A few months ago I had my dog groomed, and noticed she was then scratching a bit more often, I attributed this to the shampoo, and did some treatments as she has dry skin. She got wrapped up in my shirt a few nights ago, so I started looking at her back in an attempt to detangle her, and noticed this tiny bald spot forming. She’s not scratching the affected area, but she is licking it. Behavior is normal otherwise with no issues eating or drinking. Is there anything I can do to provide her some relief and prevent her from licking the area and irritating it further?"
1362,DogAdvice,"Dog paw lump from litel and white to big and red. Vet appointment scheduled, what might it be?",
1363,DogAdvice,Introducing new puppy (4 mos) to my dog (5 y/o),"We brought a puppy home during the first week of November. She's a Shih Tzu who came from a kennel, before being brought to the province where we went to get her. We decided to bring our 5 y/o dog (who's a Shih Tzu too) so they can meet at a neutral place. 

At home, the puppy often bumps into our Shih Tzu, runs towards her, and signals that she wants to play. Our Shih Tzu always runs away and asks my mom to carry her away from the puppy. Sometimes she goes up to my parents' room and hides just so the puppy won't find her. Do you have any tips on how they can get along better and how we can get our Shih Tzu to warm up to the puppy?"
1364,DogAdvice,"I got this from the Livestock section of my pet supply store. Biggest recommendation for a boofy doofus. It tastes bad so no licking and it is antiseptic so we don't need to worry about running to te vet over every minor cut or scratch. She does not like it, but accepts in exchange for chicken feet.",
1365,DogAdvice,Doggie therapy?,"I recently adopted a dog. She’s a 4 year old boxer, bulldog mix and she’s just the sweetest dog on the planet and she’s already so comfortable in my home. She showed absolutely no signs of abuse until today. My boyfriend found a switch blade earlier that day. We we’re standing in the kitchen while he was cleaning and fixing the faulty button that would release the blade. He got it working and the blade popped out. This poor dog went from laying contently on the ground to staring and the blade. She sat and looked at it for a minute before getting up, peeing herself, then hiding behind the table. She was still staring at us while I took the knife and threw it away. I went to get paper towels to clean the pee and when I turned she had her tail tucked, licking the urine. Of course she didn’t get in trouble for doing this. I kept saying in a gentle voice “what’s wrong?” so she didn’t feel like she did something bad. She is fully house broken and has always scratched at the door when she needs to go out. I had my boyfriend lead her to another room while I cleaned so she didn’t lick it anymore. This was extremely heart breaking to see. She’s such a sweet gentle dog. It there anything I can do to help heal this poor babies traumatic past?"
1366,DogAdvice,a doggie got hurt,"i dog sit at my home every now and then as a side hustle. i’ve recently started because i just moved into a home with a fenced in backyard. i have pet sitting insurance that i recently acquired as well. 
i’m watching my friends 2 dogs, 1 of which has known my dog for many years and they have played together a few times in the past. she asked me to watch her dogs while she goes out of town for holiday. 
earlier, i was supervising them in the backyard. they all have a similar energy level and play pretty rough. they were rolling around on top of each other, and suddenly one is bleeding profusely and i can’t tell from where. nothing malicious happened at all. turns out, the tip of the one dogs ear was cut, maybe from a nail or a tooth that was flailing around (like i said there was no malicious chomping action). dog ears are all veins and capillaries so the bleeding is intense and never ending. at first when i cleaned her up it was just a little nick, not even a CM long. she continued to fuss with it and shake her head every time i tried to clean it, thus opening it more, and eventually splitting it. i bought things to slow the bleeding and wrap it up, and put a cone on her. i’m taking her to the vet first thing in the morning and it’s going to cost me around $300. she’s not in any pain, seemingly, but i feel terrible. this has never happened before and it was a freak accident. i have kept the owner informed and she isn’t upset with me at all, she knows her dogs play rough and she mentioned she was surprised they hadn’t hurt each other before. 
is there anything i’m missing here that i need to do? will my pet sitting insurance reimburse me for the vet fees?"
1367,DogAdvice,Dog at 3 chocholate chip cookies,Im taking her to the vet tomorrow but my mom is freaking out. Is there anything else I should do
1368,DogAdvice,Four year old dog suddenly acting out?,"
We have a four year old Shiba Inu named Chai. We have had him since he was 8 weeks old, and he is generally a very good boy. Of course, being a shiba, he has his ‘quirks,’ but when it comes to training and behavior, he has been a very good boy for four years now. 

He has also usually shown to be very adaptable. We have moved a couple of times since we got him, and he has also adapted through a lot of job/routine changing. He has always readjusted extremely quickly and well, honestly he’s really a trooper. 

But, out of nowhere ( for him ), he’s starting to act out. I’d like to ask you all to keep open and understanding minds as you read this! And know that I have years of experience with dog owning and training, and I know ‘objective’ solutions for some of the issues we’re having — im just a little stressed and overwhelmed and wondering if anyone has any constructive insight!

We recently moved again, about two months ago now. And in fact, the place we moved into provides a much nicer situation for Chai. And as he usually does, he adjusted very very quickly to the new place! He was doing amazing. 

Until I started my new job, about three weeks ago. Before this, I worked a full time job, and Chai was very used to being in a crate when I was at work — my new job is no different. 

But since the very first night after starting my new job, Chai has been whining in his crate. He has /never/, truly never, done that before. Not even a couple years ago when our life was extremely unstable and we had almost no routine. Now, we are stable, and we do have routine — but Chai seems to have almost regressed? 

Since my fiancé is at home most of the time, Chai pretty much only has to be crated at night. I wait until the last possible minute before I go to bed to put him in there, giving him as much time outside of the crate as I can. He usually doesn’t go to bed til at least 1 am. I’ll even stay up later than I should just for his sake, since he suddenly hates being in there so much. He whines immediately when he goes in, and goes on for about an hour or so. And then, he whines again at like five in the morning, and continues to do so off and on until I get up. 

I’ve tried getting up to let him go potty, and then locking him back up, and he’ll keep whining, so I know that isn’t the problem. 

And again, this only started when I started working again. For the first month in the new house, he didn’t make a peep in his crate, no fuss whatsoever — which is his normal. But now he’s not only keeping himself awake with the whining, but he’s disturbing our sleep too, and I work a very mentally and physically exhausting job — needless to say, I’m definitely getting frustrated and confused. And very tired lol. 

Today, he has absolutely blown my mind with a new ‘regression.’ We use the Place command for him for when we aren’t able to supervise him — if one of us is nearby and can keep sort of an eye on him, he does as he pleases. But when we’re preoccupied and in a different part of the house, we put him on Place. Just like with his crate, he has always been an extremely good boy for years about this. He has always seemed to even enjoy the routine, he gets excited to go on Place and he loves to curl up and snooze. 

But today, he has broken Place /four/ times in a row. The first time I wrote off as a fluke, thought maybe he needed to pee, but I still put him back on Place and released him myself, let him outside for a while, and then put him back. 

A few minutes later, I heard the clicking of his claws on the floor, and I was a little flabbergasted. He really /never/ does this. I put him back on Place. 

This has happened two more times. He doesn’t seem to be attempting to do anything specific when he gets up, like he isn’t going to the door to get out, he isn’t sniffing around the kitchen like he does when he’s hungry. He’s just trotting around or lying on the couch or something aimless. 

I know I’ve rambled on, and I know, being a dog group, people will have some most likely strong, owner-attacking opinions 💚 ( I’ve worked with dogs and dog people for over ten years, and I know how dog people are — especially on the internet! ) I just ask, again, that you guys try to understand that I know my dog, I know how to work with dogs, and I know logical solutions to these problems. I’m just struggling to understand where they’re coming from. I have never ever expected a ‘perfect’ dog, there’s no such thing, and I’ve always been very understanding of the misbehaviors he has normally has throughout his life. But these new things, his very sudden crate training and place training regressions, are important things and they’re very tiring. If this were a new dog, or a dog I didn’t know, or a dog who I know has had bad experiences with these things ( etc ), it would make a lot more sense to me. But Chai has only ever known crate and place training, and if anything, those two routines have been the more consistently stable things that he knows!"
1369,DogAdvice,"Painful back paws, Shiba Inu",
1370,DogAdvice,Looking for the best dogs suited for an apartment! Thank you,
1371,DogAdvice,I have a 12 year old diabetic pug and just need any help moving forward for his health and well being. Anything i can research or any advice is welcomed. Ive had him since he was born. I just want the rest of his days as comfortable as possible. #doglove #veterinarian #vet #foryoupage,
1372,DogAdvice,What is this skin affliction? 13 y/o shitzu,
1373,DogAdvice,Cyst on paw? Advice.,"- epsom salt soaking doesn’t work
- limps, but still able to walk"
1374,DogAdvice,Weimaraner foot problem,
1375,DogAdvice,Puppy won’t eat,"Hi guys. I have a puppy who when she was little 2-3 months would eat like her life depends on it and now at 7 months I have to beg and barter for her to finish even a quarter of her daily serving size. She’s been to the vet regularly and she’s fine, just uninterested. Does it just taste bad? Am I spoiling her too much?"
1376,DogAdvice,Just need to vent,"This is Mabel. We agreed to foster her a week ago (our third dog, first time fostering). We think she was born on the streets, pregnant and delivered puppies a couple of months ago. LOVES people and other dogs. All good.

But she is extremely needy. Likes to jump on us to get attention. Regardless of what we're doing at the moment. She also playfully nips at our feet, shoes and sometimes arms. She's intense. 

The trainer suggested this wire pen and it's been pretty useful. The idea is to keep her settled in one place during times we can't play with her. She goes in willingly but whines once whatever treat we lured her in with is finished.

I feel for her and care for her, but she's EXHAUSTING. Hoping we eventually alter her behavior enough so that either we can keep her or get her placed in a loving home."
1377,DogAdvice,Is it normal for a groomer to buzz the hair off the testicles? This was only my second time going to the groomer and they didn’t do this last time. They buzzed so close they look raw. Is this ok or am I right to be upset?,
1378,DogAdvice,dog being aggressive ever since little sister arrived.,"we have had my rottweiler(rocky) for around 4 and a half years now and recently my little sister was born. ever since shes been in the house he hasnt taken to her at all, he always barks at her bares his teeth to her, marks on all her stuff and sometimes nips her hands when she gets too close and he even steals her food but he doesnt do that to anyone else. but today he really bit her, she was playing with her toys near the gate which he was on the other side of and one of her toys fell through, and when she tried to get it back he bit at her hand and her hand went all red and she was crying, i have never seen her cry like that unless she is seriously hurt. no skin was broken but she has never even touched him or harmed him in any way so i dont know why he would react this way, he is also rather aggressive to me sometimes when i have food in my hands and barks and growls when i am running around with my little sister and entertaining her. my mother refuses to even get him training even though he is so aggressive and untrained and i am sick of him biting me and my sister and barking every time the neighbours go out, sometimes he barks non stop all night when i have school in the morning and its starting to seriously get in ny nerves. please i just need some advice on what to do."
1379,DogAdvice,Are these things I should develop a training plan for?,"I've only had experience with an extremely reactive dog so I want to make sure I'm not overkill for this pup. And learn the difference between ""eh this is a minor issue I shouldn't micromanage"" and ""this is a real issue that should be tackled proactively."" 

We go on solo walks all the time and I introduce her to other people and other dogs. She's a little nervous around dogs but LOVES people. But sometimes she'll see (not meet) one person and just decide she doesn't like them. She doesn't pull or lunge. Just a clear sort of ""stay away from me"" bark. But it's so rare. Not even once a day that I'm confused on how to handle it. It's not even the same look, race, gender or clothing that sets her off though they trend more towards elderly women. And not even the same person every time. I've kinda of just let it slide as far as training. I apologize and we'll move to the side to let that person go through. Dogs are beings too right? They're gonna just not like someone sometimes like I do. But because she locks onto that person she doesn't like, it spooks them a bit. She'll do her one warning barking and then as they walk past she'll bark a 2-3 time more if I don't redirect her. Again, no lunging or anything. I often use treats to break her attention. But is that the best option? Because I am unsure how I can decrease her random, yet infrequent reactivity and make her more comfortable.

Final thing is her ""confirmation"" barking. She's otherwise very quiet and I live in an apartment. She sleeps in the bed with me and when I give her the command to come up to the bed at night, she does a single loud bark and comes over. Like a ""okay I hear you."" or ""On my way!"" thing. I'm worried it may wake up the neighbor in the middle of the night. During the day she doesn't confirmation bark like that. I don't get it. What are your thoughts on handling that?"
1380,DogAdvice,Bee sting? Spider bite?,"Two and a half year old female black lab ... phone call to her vet suggested an e-colar for a few days.

Bee sting, big bite, maybe?"
1381,DogAdvice,Nee sting? Spider bite?,"Two and a half year old female black lab ... phone call to her vet suggested an e-colar for a few days.

Bee sting, maybe?"
1382,DogAdvice,How do I curve this behavior,If anyone could help me curve this behavior I would really appreciate if anyone could help he charges on site but he is very friendly
1383,DogAdvice,Dog is weirdly aggressive,My dog has been with us for 3 weeks he is super friendly twords people and other dogs when me or my girlfriend are around when someone walks by in the house he will charge at them and then when that person Sudues my dog he is able to pet him and he’s very friendly how do I get this behavior to stop he’s a great dog he also shakes when this happens so I know it’s a fear response
1384,DogAdvice,"Abused Dog, AC Won’t Help","There is a very large family around the corner from my daughter’s house that got a large breed puppy about 6 months ago. From the day they brought the dog home, it has been locked alone in an outdoor enclosure. He/she is never taken out of this 6’x6’ enclosure. One side is chain link, and it is covered by a roof but still exposed to the elements due to the chain link side. 

My daughter and her GF tried speaking to the family there, but a language barrier prevented any meaningful dialogue, and they were eventually told to leave. They then called animal control, who came out and checked on the dog, and then told my daughter that because the dog had food, water, and shelter, and was not chained for extended periods of time that there was nothing they could do. 

I’ve walked past this poor animal while walking my daughter’s dog and it breaks my heart. He/she whines piteously and claws endlessly at the cement beneath the chain link gate. 

I have moved on to considering other options to liberate this dog. What is the right thing to do here, morally? The dog is well-fed and hydrated, it’s coat is clean and nails trimmed. However, mentally I am certain the dog is in unbearable anguish. It hurts me physically and I don’t know what to do. My daughter and her GF have started walking their dog in other parts of the neighborhood because passing this animal is too painful. 

What is the moral option here? How can I help this dog? We are in WA state if that helps."
1385,DogAdvice,How to correct my dog when she charges and barks at people.," Hi  everyone. I have a two-year-old lab. She's a wonderful dog. She was a  joy to train and i feel that I have very clear lines of communication  with her. She has a very balanced temperament (even though she was a  little timid in her first year) and handles 98 percent of interactions,  both with humans and dogs, very well. She has never bitten or shown  signs of aggression in any form other than what i describe below. She  also has a pretty rock solid recall. All in all, a very well-behaved and  good-natured lab. Not untypical.

However, lately a problem has emerged and i don't really understand what causing it or what to do about it when it happens.

I  should say firstly for context that i'm from the UK and this happens  while off lead in the park. In UK parks, it's generally permitted and  understood that dogs will be off lead. There are very few dog specific  parks. The park in question is very, very large.

In  short - Very occasionally, she will charge and bark at people. I know  that she would never attack, but of course the people on the receiving  end do not. She has a pretty scary bark and when she bares her teeth I  appreciate that she could be pretty frightening. She will charge and  stop 5 feet from them, take the space, hackles up and intensely bark a  few times and then return to me. It strikes me very much as 'get away  from us!'. When it happens, she ignores her 'Stop' command (which  usually makes her stop and sit immediately) and ignores her recall  command. This usually all happens in 5 seconds or so.

I've  noticed a few common triggers - People who are concealed and then  reveal themselves, for example, from behind a tree. Also people who are  behaving erratically. Occasionally (and hugely embarrassingly) people  whose faces are covered with veils. It also happens when people have bad  energies. For example, sometime i will spot someone a little physically  intimidating or something walking towards us and even though i don't   change my behaviour or signal my nervousness to her, she picks out the  same person and barks.

I think  there is a logic to it from her perspective. It seems pretty defensive  in nature. However, in my book, this is unacceptable and there is no  excuse. Especially to ignore her stop and recall commands.

Do any of you guys have any thoughts on what this new behaviour might be about and how to best deal with it when it occurs?

Thanks so much.

(edit - Happy to answer any questions in the comments)

#"
1386,DogAdvice,How to correct my dog when she charges and barks at people.," Hi  everyone. I have a two-year-old lab. She's a wonderful dog. She was a  joy to train and i feel that I have very clear lines of communication  with her. She has a very balanced temperament (even though she was a  little timid in her first year) and handles 98 percent of interactions,  both with humans and dogs, very well. She has never bitten or shown  signs of aggression in any form other than what i describe below. She  also has a pretty rock solid recall. All in all, a very well-behaved and  good-natured lab. Not untypical.

However, lately a problem has emerged and i don't really understand what causing it or what to do about it when it happens.

I  should say firstly for context that i'm from the UK and this happens  while off lead in the park. In UK parks, it's generally permitted and  understood that dogs will be off lead. There are very few dog specific  parks. The park in question is very, very large.

In  short - Very occasionally, she will charge and bark at people. I know  that she would never attack, but of course the people on the receiving  end do not. She has a pretty scary bark and when she bares her teeth I  appreciate that she could be pretty frightening. She will charge and  stop 5 feet from them, take the space, hackles up and intensely bark a  few times and then return to me. It strikes me very much as 'get away  from us!'. When it happens, she ignores her 'Stop' command (which  usually makes her stop and sit immediately) and ignores her recall  command. This usually all happens in 5 seconds or so.

I've  noticed a few common triggers - People who are concealed and then  reveal themselves, for example, from behind a tree. Also people who are  behaving erratically. Occasionally (and hugely embarrassingly) people  whose faces are covered with veils. It also happens when people have bad  energies. For example, sometime i will spot someone a little physically  intimidating or something walking towards us and even though i don't   change my behaviour or signal my nervousness to her, she picks out the  same person and barks.

I think  there is a logic to it from her perspective. It seems pretty defensive  in nature. However, in my book, this is unacceptable and there is no  excuse. Especially to ignore her stop and recall commands.

Do any of you guys have any thoughts on what this new behaviour might be about and how to best deal with it when it occurs?

Thanks so much.

(edit - Happy to answer any questions in the comments)"
1387,DogAdvice,Can this be food allergies.red around mouth ?( vet on Tuesday marked already .),
1388,DogAdvice,Is it normal for chihuahuas to have breathing problems?,"I had my 2yr old chihuahua checked from the vet, her cbc and xray all normal. But she constantly wheezes, reverse sneeze at night, snores, and she can't properly bark without coughing."
1389,DogAdvice,"How do I tell my dog, I don't know how to help him","I don't know exactly what's wrong with him, but I can tell he's not whining for the usual reasons. He's desperate and he's doing so much to try and get me to see him. Yet it seems like no matter how much I reassure him or notice him, it doesn't take long for him to get back to his usual tricks.

He's probably in pain or has an infection and the closest vet is closed until probably tuesday? So I can't figure out exactly what's wrong.

I just hate to see him like this. He's really trying. This is a serious problem. How do I tell him that I just can't solve his problem right now?"
1390,DogAdvice,Are antlers/hard bones bad for dogs teeth?,Are harder bones such as antlers or no split type bones (ex. Benebone) bad for my dogs teeth?
1391,DogAdvice,Should I be socializing my 2mo and 2yo old? 2mo bites too much.,"Recently got a 2month old golden retriever, I have a 2 year old Bichon who is admittedly not socialized but is other wise very well behaved save for some of the basic commands we just never taught her. 

2 year old has never dealt with other pups besides her littermates, obviously. I don't know what her relationship was like with her mom or the backyard breeders we got her from.


2 month old comes from what seemed to be reputable breeders, they checked off most of the ""ethical breeder"" checklist. The breeder warned us that Golden is ""anti-social"" and likes to have her own space. She seemed worried we wouldn't like that and really encouraged us to get the other pup. 


Personally, I don't see any insecurity or aggressive habits in this new puppy. She is just a typical puppy with shark teeth and learning boundaries. She is quiet ""introverted"" , however, and regularly get irritated with our Bichon being too close. 


Bichon is usually high energy during playtime, darts around and wants to go hard. So for a while we had to remove *her* because she was overwhelming pup. 

Now, it's the Golden we have to keep separated from Bichon because all she wants to do is *bite*. My Bichon has completely kept a distance, sits with my husband or in another corner and is incredibly tolerant of Golden when she does get a hold of her tail or lip. 



They do want to play at times. But I feel like I can't let them because Bichon will just get bitten. It's like the first thing my Golden wants to do.. and I don't know that my Bichon has it in her to ""correct"" or teach bite inhibition because I can't let them play for longer than two seconds. 

My Bichon has actually gotten an *eye* infection because Golden always goes for the eyes.


Like, I don't think I can let them even sniff each other unless they are about to go to sleep. 

Am I hindering behavioral development and their relationship if I keep them separated at all times? My Bichon wouldn't hurt the Golden, I'm worried she'll lose an eye. 

I do try to play with Bichon separately but she is just SO obsessed with Golden that she won't play with me. 

What could I be doing wrong here? Should I just keep them separated until pup is older? 

Also, any YT videos or resources on how to acquaint new siblings and facilitate boundaries would be appreciated."
1392,DogAdvice,"Picky 18 year old chihuahua not interested in food. I feel like i have tried everything. Homecooked, raw, canned, rotisserie chicken etc etc. She will eat a few bites and then isn’t interested anymore. Anyone have any advice or tips that have helped them?",
1393,DogAdvice,"Does my puppy need a haircut? I’ve realized I have no idea what I’m doing grooming wise. He’s a mix but obviously has some wire haired/terrier in him, how do I care for his coat? Is his fur growing in front of his eyes annoying for him? Can I cut it or should I take him to a pro? TIA for any advice!",
1394,DogAdvice,Anyone know what this spot is? Vet said it was either a bug bite or allergy. Gave us mupirocin ointment to treat but he got another spot somewhere else so just wondering what could be causing it.,
1395,DogAdvice,Severe separation issues. What can I do?,
1396,DogAdvice,Biting,Can puppies grow out of  biting? And how do you train them not to?
1397,DogAdvice,Dog has been acting weird (Don’t be rude).,"So yesterday morning my dog poop on the floor near the door. He knows and is trained to ring this bell on the door when he has to go. Then this morning when I woke up I saw that he peed and pooped near the door.. Then while i was in the shower he peed AGAIN on his bed. This is very odd behavior, I am a little worried. He’s been eating, drinking and sleeping (acting normal). I don’t know if i’m just over thinking but i don’t know. Last night he also started this thing with his mouth, like it was something bothering him. Almost if you got a piece of food stuck in your braces. He just kept trying to get something out, moving his tongue around oddly and even tried using his paw to get “it” out. Not sure if it’s a coincidence or really something. What’s going on? Or what possibly could be going on?? Should I take him to the vet?"
1398,DogAdvice,Crate trained. Winston's room..when the house gets busy.,
1399,DogAdvice,Post-op amputation rescue,"Hello all. Yesterday, my wife and I brought home a foster-to-adopt rescue. She is an 8-10 month old Anatolian Shepard who is 16 days post-op single rear leg amputation. She was found as a stray and transferred to the local SPCA where they determined her rear leg injury was irreparable and required amputation at the hip. We were told that they also performed a Spay procedure prior to the amputation. They did not send us home with any pain medication for her which I found odd, as I can only imagine she is still hurting. We did get Trazedone but from my understanding, that has no pain-killing effect and only serves to keep her calm. She has displayed anywhere from mild to moderate aggression towards my wife and one of our other dogs. All were seemingly random woth no common themes as to what would cause it. My wife tried adjusting her e-collar prior to bed and she gave a defensive bark and a attempted snap. That was the worse aggression display thus far with the other being mild towards my other dog. He will be minding his own business and she will start quietly growling as if she's just annoyed he's there. She has yet to show any aggression towards me or our other, oldest dog. 
My question is, do you think this is because she is in pain still? I can only imagine so but this is our first time having any issues with an adoption or foster process."
1400,DogAdvice,My Dog Isn’t Allowed Inside. It’s 47 degrees.,I don’t know what to do at this point. My dog has an igloo in the backyard but that’s not enough to keep her warm. My parents see her whining and shivering and jumping on the door/ scratching the door but they don’t care and they won’t let her inside. She’s a medium sized dog and I feel so horrible that she has to be outside in this cold weather. Is there anything I can do? I ask them if I can keep her in the garage and they even say no to that.
1401,DogAdvice,"How is this walking schedule for a medium sized, lazyish dog?","4:30 am - outside to just pee/eat after

5:30 am - 30 minute walk around neighborhood

3:30 pm - outside to just pee and go to our apartment’s dog park for about 15 minutes

5:30 pm - 30 minute walk, different route from morning route usually

9:30 pm - pee outside before sleeping

He is a medium sized dog, kinda like a corgi sized. He is lazy but does like his time outside. I’m not sure if I should increase his walking time, we have been reintroducing walking to him since he had a spinal injury a month ago. Vet gave us the okay and he has been fine with his walks, just wondering if I should give him longer walks."
1402,DogAdvice,My dog has a cone shaped head and neck and we cant keep her collar on,"I've tried to get a good photo of the issue. The problem is she is a healthy weight. She is a corgi mix so she is naturally thick. Her head is small and her neck is wider than her head. I would really have to choke her to keep her collar on. Im not worried about taking her outside. She wears a harness she can't escape from but i am worried that one day she will accidentally run out the front door and her collsr wont stay on and no one will be able to identify her.

I am hoping someone will be able to help me keep her in a collar. She never intentionally tries to get it ofd but every once in a while it comes off. Ill just come home and the dog will be naked."
1403,DogAdvice,Christmas with a dog that loves to eat paper!,Anyone have a solution for me? I’m so scared we will spend our Christmas chasing him for wrapping paper and tissue paper!!
1404,DogAdvice,"Dog just had splenectomy few days ago, are gums looking good?","&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/fad5zhmur41a1.jpg?width=3024&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=53d8c4665b02d4b2281cdb7f33acd0d241e88a69"
1405,DogAdvice,Does anyone know what this red spot on dogs lip is? Doesn’t seem to hurt or bother her except she’s licking her legs a lot.,
1406,DogAdvice,Questions about playing rough and neck safety,"Some context about my dog Buttercup who is the predominant cause for this post; she's a Pitbull-Boxer mix with some other stuff in there somewhere, about 6~7yrs old, and the sweetest dog ever when it comes to people, other dogs, and cats. We've had her since she was 2yrs old and she was a mommy before we adopted her.

Her favorite game is playing Tug of War, especially when you get competitive and make her fight for it and play keep away. Ever since I've started playing Tug with her, (when I was 14 and we had just gotten her) to this day, I've slowly become more and more rough and competitive when playing with her. I don't mean that as in being mean to her, but rather, making it harder for her to ""win"" and play fighting. While playing, I'll frequently shove her around, pick her up and swing her via her holding onto the toy, and get her in face growling and wrestling with her. She has never ever intentionally HURT me while playing like this, only nipped at my hand accidentally or lightly (didn't break skin or truly BITE me) when I really deserved it.

I wanted to make this post because I'm wondering if it's safe to play with her like this. Soon as we stop playing, she'll be sweet and gentle as always, and she seems to genuinely enjoy the rough housing and competition. But is there any chance playing with her like this could be teaching her to be aggressive, even when it seems like she's having fun and still sweet as always? And I'm also concerned if there's any chance giving her a tough time and doing stuff like swinging her up into the air while she holds onto the toy has any chance of causing any serious harm to her neck, teeth or spine. I love playing rough with her and me and her both seem to genuinely enjoy it, but if it might hurt her or cause her to become aggressive I'd like to tone it down.

TLDR; I play rough with my Pitbull-Boxer and she seems to have fun and remain the sweetest dog ever, but I want to ask if it's bad to do this and if it could possibly injure her."
1407,DogAdvice,"PetSafe Stay &amp; Play Compact Wireless Pet Fence for Dogs &amp; Cats, Waterproof &amp; Rechargeable Receiver Collar, Covers Up to 3/4 Acre for Pets 5 lb+ from Parent Company of Invisible Fence Brand.if you want to buy this product link given in comments",
1408,DogAdvice,Irritable skin in ears/groin/between paw pads. He had really bad ears at one point and had a course of steroids/food changed which helped no end. It’s crept back in though not as bad. Any recommendations? Thanks,
1409,DogAdvice,puppy having accidents help!,"
So I have a 6mo puppy. Potty training of course was one of the first things I trained her . She did amazing she only had one accident in the house and by the third day of having her she was running to door when she had to go out. Now it’s like she forgot everything. she’s peed in the house (after just being let outside) she’s pooped in the house 3 times I don’t know what is going on! She just got spayed 11 days ago and is healthy. Im not sure if it is that regression age since she’s at 6 months. But please help! And it’s not every time she will still whine at the door when she needs to potty but not every time. and the times where she pooped in the house She had just went outside and didn’t give me any warning that she needed to go back out. thank you!"
1410,DogAdvice,6mo pup having accidents,
1411,DogAdvice,HELP. How to I patch this until we get to the vet tomorrow?,
1412,DogAdvice,Has anyone used Gallant?,"If you don’t know it’s stem cell banking for your cat,dog and i think now horses. The most common approach is to use the discarded tissue from when they get spayed/neutered then the vet sends it to the company where they extract the stems cells then freeze them for use later on for health conditions that may arise. Instead of using medications to ease symptoms the stem cells may be able to repair whatever is going wrong. 

[Gallant](https://gallant.com/pricing/)"
1413,DogAdvice,"My dog Kadabra is a 5 year old siberian husky. I noticed today his gums/lips look more pale than I ever remember seeing, but maybe I’ve just never noticed? He is eating and drinking normal, no vomiting or diarrhea. Do you guys think these look normal?",
1414,DogAdvice,freezing bland diet?,"I’ve asked the medical coordinator a million questions already so I’m coming here first. I don’t see anything wrong with what I did but I probably should’ve asked first. 


My foster is on bland diet for diarrhea from parvo/meds so i’m doing boiled chicken and rice, absolutely no salt or seasonings. 


I took her food bowl, put in the chicken and rice, added some of the water from the chicken and froze it. She’s been eating so fast I’m afraid of her puking so I figured this was a good way to slow her down. 


does this affect the bland diet at all? i might sound stupid but i want the best for the little one."
1415,DogAdvice,Dog Coat Help,Does anyone know of a brand of dog blanket/coat that is fully adjustable (looks more like a horse blanket) and also has a slit along the back for a leash? I moved two FL dogs to snow country NY so they are cold but I can’t find what I need anywhere and my back yard isn’t fenced yet so they have to go out on their harness still. I have an awesome Rambo dog blanket I wish I could use but no leash access.
1416,DogAdvice,Dog eating seed pods,"My 2.5 y/o Aussie seems to be eating seed pods. And they are messing up his gut. We’ve been to emergency vet after he started vomiting. He got better with meds and special food. We thought it was isolated incident but he threw up a big clump of them yesterday.

We hike a lot on trails is wooded parks. Sometimes he gets these in his fur and I have to get them off. Otherwise he chews at them. Our house has natural wooded areas he uses to do his business. I think he sees these pods and thinks they’re treats or something. I have been observing him and see him nip at a plant and then chewing. He’s so fast! I’ve yet to see him actually eat one for sure. In fact I don’t see these pods on plants. 

We’ve started keeping him on a tighter leash and away from deeper brush.

Is this a thing? Any advice? Hoping it’s seasonal."
1417,DogAdvice,Best way to avoid random dogs?,"So this morning at 6 am I took my Pomeranian out for a little bathroom break to my backyard when suddenly a random pit bull who somehow got into the backyard jumped at my little baby and tried to attack him but backed down when he saw my face. I was too scared to do anything else but grab my pom and run outside. Luckily my dog was untouched, all I remember is that the pit bull had a blue collar on. Where it came from I have no idea. 

I’m just angry and scared to know that my own home isn’t safe from someone’s random dog in my own backyard. I been thinking that I should first go outside and check behind stuff like trees and cars to see if there’s a hidden dog before I let my dog do his thing. My neighbor just has so many owners who let their dog go loose that I have to be the one to overcompensate. 

This makes me worried so much."
1418,DogAdvice,Can I do anything to help my dog grow her winter coat fast?,
1419,DogAdvice,does this spay incision look OK?,
1420,DogAdvice,Socialised dogs as puppies regress to being very defensive around new dogs,"Hey guys, 
I have two dogs of working breed. I have had them since they were 3 months old and raised them to be very social at the dog park. They did well socially but earlier this year they spent about 6 months with my dad's dog who would chew them up and bully them. Since getting them back, they are very quick to snap if other dogs get into their face and try to bite strangers patting them on the lead.

These are behaviours they didn't used to display. I think they've experienced trauma and I want to help them get comfortable with greeting new dogs again. 

So far I've tried taking them to the dog park without the ball so they're forced to be social but it didn't have an effect after two weeks. Does anyone have any advice?"
1421,DogAdvice,How hard work is a puppy?,"Me and my boyfriend really want a puppy and we have been doing a lot of research on the breed we are considering. My boyfriend has experience with puppies growing up but I’ve only ever been around trained adult dogs. People say having a puppy is like having a baby, you’ll loose sleep and it’ll be hard work. We are fully prepared to give this puppy or all love and attention, I’m 26 and he is 29, no children and work from home. But how hard is a puppy and what advise do you guys have?"
1422,DogAdvice,Extremely reactive/anxious dog - feel like I’m running out of options. Please help!,"Apologies for the long post. My dog (14 month old Romanian rescue) is constantly over threshold when outside, as in he will bark at nothing, whine, lunge and growl on a constant basis. He’s aggressive towards dogs and people. No aggression issues with visitors to the home. Generally speaking, he’s content in the home (apart from barking). I’m not exaggerating when I say he will spin and bark at the top of his lungs at nothing. I understand he will smell things I can’t but this is 80% of the time outside. 

Neurological condition: I got him at 6 months old but was unaware he was suffering from a spinal subluxation - before the vets thought attacks were “anxiety” - he was hospitalised, had spinal surgery, crate rested for three months. I’ve taught him to walk and do all of his basic functions again. Last month he was discharged from the neurologist and physiotherapist. No brain damage has occurred, only neurological deficit is his mild ataxia. 50% of the time I’ve had him he’s not been allowed outside. 

I’ve worked with a trainer and two behaviourists and have seen zero improvement. In fact, due to spending most of his time inside as he will immediately freak out, he’s worse. Both say he can’t meet other dogs without using graded exposure, but have people had success muzzling their dog and letting them meet a calm dog? He used to live with dogs in Romania but now he can’t see/smell one without wanting to kill it. 

Medication: is on gabapentin and fluoxetine, no change from either. Vet wants to prescribe trazodone but has admitted they have no idea. Seems weird to me because he’s ataxic. I live in UK and have been told Zoloft is seldom used. We use diazepam occasionally but limited impact. Do people have positive experiences with Zoloft ? Considering a veterinary behaviourist but we’ve spent over £15,000 on vet bills. It’s absurd.

I’m attempting to contact other behaviourists but all say the same thing: do gradual graded exposure. Yes, in theory that’s great, but there’s no starting point. The others suggest using a muzzle to shut his mouth so he can’t bark and then click train (wtf is wrong with people) or using a collar for corrections. He can’t use a collar due to his surgical implant. 

If positive behaviourists don’t help, medication so far hasn’t helped and my vet/current behaviourist don’t know what to do, what is left? 

I live next to the beach so it’s a challenging area to control due to dog/foot traffic. I currently attempt training at stupid hours of the day in an attempt to avoid triggers, but he still barks at nothing. I love him so much but attempted to rehome him for his own good, I’ve even contacted specialists who run facilities for dogs who can’t be homed, all have said no because he would be bullied due to his condition. I know this isn’t a good environment for him but for understandable reasons people and organisations won’t take him. I feel forgotten. 

I’m constantly heartbroken and the last 8 months have made me severely depressed. I’m considering euthanasia but don’t want to do it. I saved his life and am his rock. 

Any suggestions, medication, behavioural, specific behaviourists in the Uk, or anything else really, is hugely appreciated. If nothing else, thank you for reading - I suppose my boy and I are both in crisis."
1423,DogAdvice,Dog bite,"I didn’t see any rules saying i cant post this, but I understand if it gets deleted.  TW- mention of dog fight, wounds, injuries. 

I live with family, and we have 6 dogs total, 2 are mine, two belong to sibling a (sibling a doesn’t live with us but dogs are here), one belongs to sibling b, and one is my moms. One of sibling a’s dogs (dog a1) resource guards everything, (but mom refuses to feed dogs separately) and has gone after 4/5 of the other dogs, who did nothing in response. 

A few months ago, dog a1 went after one of my dogs. She ended up going after him and we had to take dog a1 to the vet. 

This morning, dog a1 went after my dog again, and we had to separate. Everything had calmed down, so we didnt crate either of them. My mom and I were sitting on the couch, and dog a1 was between us. My dog came walking by us and he tried to to after her again. My mom moved her arm in front of dog a1 and my dog bit my mom. It was a severe bite, and my mom ended up needing surgery. 

Where i live, i am able to self quarantine my dog, so she’ll be separated for ten days. Ive already arranged a foster for her after the quarantine is over (she was vaccinated in august so she is current), but what do i do from there? 

Sibling A hasnt lived in the house for almost a year but refuses to take her dogs. She lives in a pet friendly apartment and my mom paid her pet deposit. Dog a1 has had these issues for years, but no one has done anything to fix it or listens when i say his issues will only get worse as he gets older

Im not in a good place financially to move out, but i feel like that may be my only choice to keep my dog. The fight they got into previously was the first time shes ever gone after a dog before, and shes never shown any reactivity/aggression with people."
1424,DogAdvice,"Are they playing or fighting? The mother seems to be playing, but the puppy looks stressed. Is it normal or should I stop them? (Ps. All the growls/barks are from the puppy)",
1425,DogAdvice,My dogs won’t stop fighting.,"We have had my almost 2 yr old GSD (male, neutered) since he was 8 weeks. We just adopted a 9 month GSD pup (male, not neutered yet). We’ve had the pup for a week and a half now. 

The first day I brought the puppy home they were fighting for 8 hours and I had to take work off the next day cause i literally got no sleep with them. Since then the fighting is slowly getting to be less, but it is still fairly constant. 

Most of the time the fighting is playful. But after hours it still gets annoying. My older dog has gotten mean a couple times but that gets shut down immediately. Even after wearing each other out completely one of them will walk by the other and they start fighting all over again. 

I try separating them sometimes so they can get “breaks” but this is not realistic to do constantly. I will give them distractions like toys or kongs but as soon as they don’t want those anymore it’s back to the same thing. They wear each other out until they are basically passing out from exhaustion and falling asleep very easily. I just don’t know how they sleep for 20 mins and are back at it again. 

I know my older dog is doing this more out of showing his dominance and establishing that. The pup is usually just doing puppy things like nipping or being curious of the older dog which sets him off again. Like I said they do get disciplined if either of their behavior goes too far and I feel it is mean.

Is fighting like this almost all day normal behavior? If it is when will it calm down to a reasonable amount? If not, what can I do to make this better?"
1426,DogAdvice,Anyone knows what this plump ball is on my dogs neck?,[removed]
1427,DogAdvice,Rash cause for concern?,My dog has a rash in his groin area on both his left and right sides and also some in between his paws. We think it’s from anxiety licking when he’s in his kennel at night. Should we be concerned about this?
1428,DogAdvice,How does it look,"I posted the others day about her 4 days post op she got spayed Monday. Everyone said it looked fine but I was gone for two days and my parents watched her told them to not let her jump or run.

Just wanted to see if it is still good looking there is a lump to the left of it. She doesn’t look in pain or act and she eats fine. 

I am a over thinker so I stress  could it be a hernia or is it normal."
1429,DogAdvice,Little ball on his neck has grown in the past month.,[removed]
1430,DogAdvice,Alternatives toys for a dog banned from bones,My dog has never cared much for toys. She’s not interested in playing fetch very often &amp; tends to rip apart any stuffed toys or bones that aren’t “power chew” nylabones or equivalent. Her vet said she has 2 fractured teeth &amp; can no longer chew her bones. We need to find something new she would like and don’t know where to start. Suggestions?
1431,DogAdvice,Where should I go for rehoming a dog who is aggressive with strangers but very loving with family?,"My parents took in a dog of a family friends who is the absolute sweetest boy with family and people he knows. He is cuddly and loving and basically like a golden retriever. But when he sees strangers he goes crazy and he has nipped two people since they’ve had him. 

He does fine outside in public with people. The main issue is he is very protective of the house and his family when he is on their property. A defense dog if you well.

They love him so much but they don’t have time to train him properly to socialize him. He is great with other dogs and plays fine with them. But he just needs a home to be able to run and get his energy out. They don’t want to bring him to a shelter. But I’m afraid my mother wants to put him down after the incidents. Thats my last resort EVER. 

So any advice on other routes to go? Places to search for the type of home he needs?"
1432,DogAdvice,Anybody can give me advice to what this is ??,
1433,DogAdvice,I just got a new puppy and have a 1 year old Pomsky. I can’t tell if they are playing or not? The puppy keeps making a yapping noise and sorta like a snarl but puppy sound is that makes sense. Should I be concerned?,
1434,DogAdvice,At a fork in the road,My dog has been crated at night since she was a little puppy. She’s 2 now.  She has developed a habit of waking up extra early and banging on the crate to get out. Nothings wrong she just wants to lay in my bed with me. It’s disturbing my sleep. I never wanted her to sleep in my bed all night for a few reasons. For those whose dogs sleep with them how do you have “private time” with your partner? Is your dog ok being boarded since they are used to sleeping with you? How did you train/transition from the crate to another sleeping place?
1435,DogAdvice,I am at the emergency vet rn - what could be the cause of the below symptoms?,"Brought my 9yr old blind &amp; diabetic pug/chihuahua mix to the vet due to:

-vomiting 4 times in the past 24 hours
-not eating
-had not gone to the bathroom
-very lethargic

They took him back and the vet tech said they noted:

-low temp (95 degrees)
-labored breathing
-also noted lethargy 
-other vitals are normal

She told me they have him under a heat lamp/blankets to bring his temp up. She didn’t offer any other explanations, but he is classified as “urgent” (out of stable/urgent/critical). There are two other urgent cases ahead of him.

Any advice, speculation, etc. while I anxiously wait at the dog ER? Im hoping for some consoling information, but also want to be prepared for anything."
1436,DogAdvice,Help with choosing a bread,"I live in an apartment, I like going for walks but also chilling on the couch. I am trying to figure out a dog breed.

I almost adopted a dachshund mix today but someone else got him. I am currently eying a black mouth cur mix but I don’t know if that’d be a good choice.

Any advice?"
1437,DogAdvice,Possible skin infection?,
1438,DogAdvice,Why is my dogs nose so dry?,I called the vet and they didn’t seem too concerned about it. I bought some cream that I’ve been putting on it but it’s not seeming to get better. Should I take him in anyways?
1439,DogAdvice,New Behavior in Senior Dog- should I be concerned?,"I’ve had my dog since he was 5, and he’s now 12. He’s a neutered Australian Shepherd (possibly mixed, but idk) and has always been very calm and not one to really play. He was a medical alert dog for his former elderly owner who passed away which is why I took him in. He was very under socialized and over weight, so it took a lot of training and attention to get him healthy and used to being around other dogs. He’s now very social, loves to walk and exercise, but again, doesn’t play with toys. I work from home, so every day we walk the beach and he gets a lot of mental and physical stimulation with me, my husband, and my kid. If I go anywhere, he usually comes with me, and only shows anxiety when I have to leave him. He loves everyone in the family, but he’s MY dog, and basically my shadow. I’d describe him as a Velcro dog.

Over the last few weeks, he has been getting really antsy in the evenings to the point where he will play with toys with me. It’s been really nice to see his playful side, since every time I think about him being 12 I get really sad, since I know Aussies usually live 13-15years. He has no current health issues and his vet says he’s in very good shape for his age.

Here’s the (possible) issue: when we get into playing, or when he sees me play with my daughter, he starts trying to hump me. He has never done this before to people or dogs. When we used to go to dog parks, he was always submissive. If I’m sitting on the floor he starts digging around my legs and eventually pulls my leg towards him and mounts up. Even when I move away he’ll keep humping the air until I scratch his back and then he kinda snaps out of it. I try to keep the playing to fetch, since any tug of war or wrestling type play gets him humping.

I’m the only does it to me, nobody else. My concern is that this behavior could be a result of a health issue or could lead to a more concerning behavioral issue. I haven’t been able to find anything online as to why a 12 year old dog would suddenly start humping after never doing it before. Thanks!"
1440,DogAdvice,My pug woke up one morning with a weak right hind leg.,"He just woke up in the morning and seemed to be favoring his left hind leg while walking around the house and not putting weight on his right. You can see he is skipping and trying not to use his right leg in the video. He is showing no signs of pain and it still walking around. When I pull on the right leg he actively pulls vs with his left he kinda lets it happen. I’m hoping this isn’t beginning stages of pug myelopathy, just so weird how he randomly woke up like this."
1441,DogAdvice,How do you decide on a dog to adopt from a shelter?,
1442,DogAdvice,Just witnessed my neighbor's dogs getting into a fight and one of them seems pretty wounded. My neighbor isn't coming back until Monday.,"My neighbor has two  dogs -males, greek shepherds- who are always in the garden. He has a big garden and he has build a dog house for his dogs there.

So, the dogs seem to have a weird relationship with each other. One minute they're cuddling and the next they're fighting. It's very common for them to fight and it usually starts when something triggers them. They bark at a thing/animal/sound that triggered them and somehow they end up fighting pretty bad. I have talked to my neighbor about this and he seemed to consider it a normal thing like it's no big deal. 

Tonight I was walking my dog. Unfortunately, I can't avoid his house, so I have to pass by his dogs with my dog, who makes them bark, which sometimes leads them to fighting. Just like every time, when me and my dog passed by they both ran to the rails and started barking and then, they started fighting. One put the other down but I paid them no mind. I just moved on because I have seen them fighting before.

However, when my dog and I returned from our walk about 30 minutes later what I saw concerned me. One of the dogs, the one who was down, was still lying there and the other was standing on top of him doing nothing just standing there. When the one still standing saw us he ran to the rails to bark at us just as he usually does but the other did not move. The other dog kept laying there only moving his eyes to look around. When I walked closer, I saw blood on the side of his neck. I couldn't tell how bad the wound was because it was dark but the dog moving nothing but his eyes looking scared makes me believe it was quite bad. 

My neighbor is not home. He's usually away during the weekends and he returns on Monday or Tuesday. I have no way to contact him because I don't know his number and despite searching him on social media I couldn't find any profile matching his name and face (sounds creepy but I thought I could try reaching him on Facebook or something)

I went by his house 15 minutes ago. The wounded dog is still laying there and he now moves his head a little bit still looking very scared, while the other, the one that bit him, is lying next to him (it looks like he is protecting him/staying on his side but I am not expert). 

So, what do I do? Can I call anyone? The dogs are pretty aggressive to anyone trying to enter their territory, so I doubt anyone can approach them. I thought about calling the police but what if they put the dogs down? And if my neighbor finds out I called the police to his house while he was away, he is going to get angry and he is not a person one can reason with. 

I have contacted a group of volunteers who help dogs in my town but they haven't answered my messages yet. 

Is it possible the dog could die from the bite during the night? Should the dogs be separated? What am I supposed to do in cases like this? I feel helpless. Should I just contact the police and hope for the best? (according to the law here, the police can intervene in cases of animal abuse and they can take the animal away)."
1443,DogAdvice,I was told she was border collie/spaniel mix. But she has short legs and a long body. Is she corgie as well?,
1444,DogAdvice,What breed is my dog?,
1445,DogAdvice,Do dogs not know what their fart is?,My dog has started farting quite audibly lately. But every time it happens her ears go forward and she looks for the source of the noise which is her rear end and she has a surprised/confused expression. Similar to what happens when a large object drops unexpectedly next to you and you are like woah! What was that? Does it not occur to her that the sensation of a fart and the noise is connected?
1446,DogAdvice,Advice for Fleas?,"Hi everyone! I have an English Pointer with a short coat, and recently I keep noticing stray fleas on her? I know they usually say if you find one then there’s bound to be more, but I seriously don’t know whats going on because I check her coat and I never find more than one.

I give her the liquid solution for preventing fleas (the one you apply onto their coats), and I bathe her with dog shampoo which includes mint and other stuff said to repel fleas. I don’t brush her regularly even though I should. I’m really out of ideas on why she keeps bringing back only one flea, is this normal? Is there any explanation for this, and how can I prevent fleas?"
1447,DogAdvice,"Vet appointment isn’t until for another two weeks, but this area keeps getting worse. Any advice on what I can put on it to soothe it?",
1448,DogAdvice,I’m ruining out of options and my mental health is getting destroyed!,"About 8 years ago my life completely changed! I was scrolling on Facebook and saw a post of someone that was needing to rehome a chaweenie and without any questions asked (stupidly) i volunteered to take the male dog in.(huge mistake) The past 8 years I’ve been having to multiple times a day clean up after he uses the bathroom EVERYWHERE!! I’ve legitimately tried everything I’ve taken him to behavior classes, I’ve done positive reinforcement, I’ve done scheduling his bathrooms and eating times, I’ve tried potty pads( he refuses to use it), I take him outside constantly (he refuses), I have gone as far as making him diapers (his body shape requires suspenders) and the dog doesn’t care he will pee and poop in them constantly! If it wasn’t for my fiancé  I would (sadly) taken him to the pound (because my mental health is getting destroyed by the dog and he has ruined my house and has caused serious problems in my relationship) but my fiancé is obsessed with the dog about 2 years ago my fiancé gave the dog a tiny piece of hamburger and the dog choked and legitimately almost died (he straight up passed out) my fiancé was able to remove the meat from the dogs throat and the dog regained consciousness but ever since that happened my fiancé has developed extreme anxiety and he constantly thinks the dog is sick and dying (nothing is actually ever wrong) and obsesses over it!! Also not only has the dog destroyed almost every square inch of the carpet in my house (it’s all been removed) and destroyed couches, beds, rugs, clothes, and many many other things but also gets into trash cans rips them open! This dog also will climb threw rings of fire if he thinks there is a tiny microscopic piece of food anywhere! I’m going completely insane I want to pull my hair out sit in a corner of a dark room and cry I can’t handle it anymore!! I should probably add that my fiancé doesn’t help me clean up after the dog he would just leave poop and pee and trash until I clean it up!! I desperately need advice I don’t know what else to do!! I can’t stand this anymore my other cat and dog (both really really good animals) and I don’t deserve to suffer because of this dog!! Please no hate I’m going threw enough!!"
1449,DogAdvice,Behavior issues with our 9 month old corgi after realizing he was taken from his mom too soon,We got our little corgi in May of this year he was 8 weeks when we got him. We live in a border town and we got him from across the border. As he started to get older we started to realize his behavior issues (we figured this was because my boyfriend and I were in between places of living at the moment). Fast forward to now he’s very anxious and we are still having behavioral problems with him. We also neutered him hoping that would help and if anything we feel as if it’s gotten worse with him “marking his territory “ especially. We want to get him in some training classes but our financial pockets are a little tight right now. Any advice?
1450,DogAdvice,Hearing loss,"Hello! I have and 11 1/2 year old great dane. Recently, he has been exhibiting a signs of deafness (not listening, excessively vocal). I originally thought he was just getting stubborn in his old age. However, over the past few weeks I started thinking he might be deaf because he wouldn't even notice when visitors were at the house. It seemed happen almost overnight. He went to the vet and she said there was some fluid in his ear and performed a hearing test (making a sound behind him with a chime?) which she said he didn't respond to. She said it was likely due to age. I wasn't the one who actually took him to the appointment so I'm not sure why nothing could be done regarding getting rid of the fluid or what it was from.

I feel like he can still hear to some degree though. If I say ""do you want to go for a walk?"" Or ""do you want to go for a ride?"" He gets attentive and turns his head to the side like he always has. This works even if he isn't looking at me. 

So does this mean he can still hear to some degree or is he detecting familiar vibrations? Like right now he is napping next to me and I said his name.. He seemed to twitch a little but didn't wake up.

Also, any advice on whistles or perhaps vibrating collars to help get his attention if needed would be greatly appreciated."
1451,DogAdvice,Diarrhea and Insurance Question,"Both fun topics, right? My dog is a frequent flyer on the Hemorrhagic Gastroenteritis plane. He hasn’t had a bout for over a year but would insurance consider any diarrhea or GI issues a preexisting condition? 

And is it the same thing with dental? He needs a cleaning right now and I know they won’t cover it but will future annual dental and teeth issues be a problem with whoever I go with?

Trupanion is currently the lead in my initial research but this worries me."
1452,DogAdvice,"My dog was vaccinated twice for rabies by accident, is that okay?","My 10 month old pup had his rabies vaccine 6 months ago. Apparently some records in the vet office were messed up so he ended up receiving one again today. Is that okay? I was told he should be fine but I want to make sure. Thanks!

By the way, he is a 10-month old mutt and weighs 60 pounds. He is very healthy and experiences loose stools chronically and sporadically."
1453,DogAdvice,Special Thanksgiving dinner.. what to give dog!,Hello! I want to give my dog a special thanksgiving day meal. She is 40 pounds and loves a lot of things. Can I give her the inards of the turkey? Does it have to be cooked? Do you have any other ideas for food I can give her? Thanks so much!! And no she is not on a raw food diet if that matters? The most raw food she gets is some raw carrots and green beans and apples. Thanks!
1454,DogAdvice,"Dog is having allergic reaction, how much is too much Benadryl?","Pretty much the title. My boy just had an awful experience at a groomer and is also having an allergic reaction. He is super sensitive with a bunch of allergies (even some type of grass, cleaners, proteins, etc) so having a little bit of an allergic reaction isn’t uncommon. I want to give him some Benadryl to calm him down and help his allergies - everywhere online is saying to give him anywhere from 50 to 75 milligrams because he’s 75 pounds. Is that too much? Seems like an awful lot to me."
1455,DogAdvice,A weird-looking poop,"Our dog (1y5m, 6 kilos) had a weird-looking poop (see pic). It was firm but had yellow small chucks in it and was covered in slime, transparent to pinkish in places. This was her second poop for the day, the first one in the morning was perfect, and she has never had similar slime in her poop before. Right now she looks normal. Also, we happened to be at the vet for a regular check-up and worm and flea treatment 2 days ago and were told she is in good health. She sometimes chews away parts of her plush toys and is always trying to lick/eat anything she finds on the pavement during her walks. Any advice on what that poop might be caused by and whether we should run to the emergency vet or just wait and see how she is doing would be deeply appreciated."
1456,DogAdvice,Neighbor’s aggressive dog won’t stop fence fighting,"I have two dogs and a fenced in yard. My dogs live inside and I let them outside (supervised) for an hour or so a day to play with them. 

My neighbor’s dog is an aggressive pitbull and who lives outside 24/7, barks all night and bites my dogs through the fence when my dogs are peeing. The last fight that happened, I had to break it up and I got injured. There’s never a safe time to let them get their fresh air. I have also witnessed their dog mauling another dog through the fence

I don’t feel comfortable walking my dogs in this neighborhood, there’s several stray dogs and irresponsible owners who let their dogs roam. I’ve seen several stories on nextdoor from my neighborhood from people claiming their dogs got attacked by loose ones in the neighborhood. 

What’s the best course of action here? I’ve considered leaving a note in their mailbox about their aggressive dog, I’ve considered calling animal control, I just don’t want any retaliation from my neighbors"
1457,DogAdvice,Dog completely ignoring huge post-op surgery incision,"Hi all! My 44-lb Staffordshire Bull Terrier just had a tumor removed on his hip. The incision is 6-7 inches long, very lumpy and ugly and noticeable. However, he can't keep a cone on no matter what type we try, so we've just been observing how he acts without a cone. But, we've been with him 24/7, and he has not so much as sniffed the incision, let alone scratched it. Does this mean he's truly not bothered by it? Or does it hurt so bad that he doesn't want to touch it? He's usually a neurotic mess so I was expecting him to tear into it immediately... Anyway, just want to make sure there's nothing to worry about!"
1458,DogAdvice,To rehome or not to rehome,"Hello. I have a major dilemma here and maybe someone could give me insight on my thoughts to solve it. I would like to not have to rehome my dog by any means.  But. 

I am looking at starting a career change.  I’ve hit a sudden and unexpected brick wall in my life and things are about to change dramatically.  Where I currently work I take the dog to work with me.  She is almost never ever alone as she goes everywhere with me work or not.  This job is unexpectedly ending.  As a result I am looking at relocating to a new city, and starting a career as a plumber which is something I’ve wanted to get into.  Apprentices do not make much for the first or second year.  I’d be selling my home and besides apprentice salary, be living from the house sale until my monthly income gets higher and I’m once again in the green.  At which point I’d probably down payment a house with what I have left.  

The dilemma is that to keep the dog I am going to have to leave her home during the day.  I can probably spend the 200-300 a week hiring someone to come in halfway through the day and give her a walk.  I’d also walk or run her before and after work.  This would get expensive, but I could do it assuming by year two or 3 of apprenticeship my salary would increase and I’m not at a deficit each month.  Without the dog, I wouldn’t be in a deficit at all.  

But the money is only one thing I worry about.  The main thing is leaving her alone so much.   I hate the idea as she’s never spent much time alone.  There is a co worker currently who has a family with kids and a dog who might be open to taking her.   The dog absolutely loves this guy and she also loves kids and other dogs.  His wife is stay at home.   Kids are homeschooled.  She would have a good life.  

I’m seriously torn what to do here. It isn’t an easy decision by any means."
1459,DogAdvice,Worms?,"Vets closed until Monday, she’s been having diarrhea the past couple trays and today saw these, are these worms of some sort?"
1460,DogAdvice,any idea on how i'm to take my dog out to potty when it's cold and raining?,
1461,DogAdvice,Spay,"My 8 lbs long hair dachshund got spayed yesterday. When I went to pick her up they let me know some reason her spleen was by her stomach area &amp; when they cut open they cut her spleen as well. They assured me they did extra blood tests &amp; precautions to make sure she’s OK. Antibiotics for 2 weeks for the spleen &amp; pain meds for 4 days for spay. 

I’m just curious if there is anything I should do!? She does not want to be alone &amp; not really wanting to drink water by herself (out of my hand only). I’m just worried about the spleen….should I follow up with her vet in 2 weeks???"
1462,DogAdvice,How to stop a mother dog from regurgitating food for puppies?,"The pups are 14 weeks old now. I feed them the recommended amount of kibble 4 times a day. However, their mother won't stop regurgitating her food to them. She has done this since the pups were 6 weeks old (they were fully weaned at 10). She also starts bringing them her chews now. While it's great to see she cares for them so well, it's not good for her to be puking all the time and the puppies aren't supposed to get to eat so many chews. Does anyone have any idea how to stop her?"
1463,DogAdvice,Can beef cheek rolls make dogs poop pale?,"My 35lb pup chewed up a whole 8in beef cheek roll (one of the white ones) and he’s had pale tan poop for 1.5 days, is this normal? Considering getting blood work done at the vet to make sure it’s not a liver issue. He is acting totally fine, eating, drinking, playing, and going to the bathroom like normal. Poops are firm."
1464,DogAdvice,"what is this called? vet appointment on Tuesday, but they are curbside and sending videos has never worked.",
1465,DogAdvice,Heartgard meds side effects making my dog very sick,"So every month we dread the day we have to give the little guy some Heartgard. He cries at night and in the morning from the bellyache, loses his appetite, has diarrhea, etc. he’s just very uncomfortable every time. I’m not sure what to do to help ease the discomfort and make it less intense for him. It’s only a few days that get bad but I want to ease some of the side effects. 

Any tips?? 

Also is it normal for him to feel that shitty for a few days after?"
1466,DogAdvice,Medical advice regarding palliative care for an old puppy,
1467,DogAdvice,My dog just bit her groomer :(,"She's a year and a half old and is normally very friendly with everyone, people and dogs alike. She loves children when we see them out walking

We have noticed for the past month or so when we tell her to go outside for a pee before bed she has turned around and snapped if we attempted to touch her, so we don't touch her we just raise our voice and she relents and goes outside to pee. I felt awful when this happened as I never want to put her in a situation where she feels like she needs to bite, so I don't.

She's been going to the same groomer every month since we got her and they always say she has been difficult to groom and hates all of it, but never any aggression. I tried to help her by bathing her at home sometimes, using the hairdryer etc and she's great with me. I bring her with me into a small room in the house where she can't escape my hairdryer and I don't need to hold her or force anything. We play with toys while I dry her and she doesn't care.

Today they were trying to dry her, one person had the dryer and the other was holding her still and attempted to put a towel over her (apparently they do this to calm them but I've never heard of it). She 'freaked out', turned around and bit the groomer. She didn't break the skin but bit her quite hard.

I guess my question is - what should I do now to be responsible to her and to others? Can she be around my niece supervised? Should I avoid that groomers? Is it better to just groom her myself from now on?

We are keeping an eye on her in case there's a health reason, but I honestly think she's fine and I understand why she reacts how she does. She's such a great dog in every other way, and I'm just really sad this happened"
1468,DogAdvice,Is it appropriate or disrespectful to walk your dog in a cemetery?,"Just wondering. There’s a beautiful cemetery walking distance from my house with pathways all throughout that I’ve passed by and thought it would be a nice walk for the pup, but I don’t want to be disrespectful. Obviously I wouldn’t let him run around, pee on tombstones and I always clean up after his poops. Just wondering where people stand on this."
1469,DogAdvice,Owners of diabetic dogs: Does your dog nighttime hypoglycemia look like this?,"My dog (Female Yorkshire Terrier, 11 years old, Name: Lluna) is currently getting tested for possible diseases including diabetes, but the blood test results won't be available until Monday. For the last week she's been losing a lot of hair and the last 2 days at 19pm aprox she suddenly starts shivering and exhibits very low energy throughout a 20-30 minutes period during which I feed her 5ml of honey water with a syringe because she seems to get better after that, then she goes to sleep and the next morning she's full of energy again. 

If there's anyone reading this who has a diabetic dog, I'd appreciate if you shared your experience with me and gave me some advice, I don't sleep at all because I'm scared and constantly checking on her.

Should I wait until Monday test results or bring her to the ER? What worries me the most is that after the episodes, she will act as normal as If nothing had happened."
1470,DogAdvice,"Small dog owners, where in your home is your dogs bed/crate for sleeping at night?",
1471,DogAdvice,Small white pimple like lump on pad ? Feels slightly rough,
1472,DogAdvice,My dog keeps licking his paws. I'm not sure if this happened on a walk or because he licked it raw. more info in comments!,
1473,DogAdvice,How to clean teeth of 3 yr old GSD we winded up with?,"Long story short: 
I winded up with her as a foster fail and I believe her teeth needs cleaning but she won’t let anyone come near her mouth.
How do I introduce brushing teeth to her?

Details:

I’ve been a cat person all my life.
Both my cats passed after 16 &amp; 18 years of wonderful company.
A year after, I volunteered to temporarily host now-our dog, because she was abandoned by her owner and his parents were going to put her in pound.  The dog pound employees guaranteed that she’s be put down b/c they had no room.
We tried to re-home.. no one would take her.
So she’s ours now, vets, trainer … etc.  

It was an ordeal to get her to accept her new home and we LOVE her. 

She loves us now… a lot!"
1474,DogAdvice,Cone/e-collar alternatives,"I just had my 6 month old border collie neutered and he is freaking out about the cone. Does anyone know any DIY alternatives? I’m in a rural area and can’t get anywhere to buy an inflatable one and to have anything shipped would be a week at least. He really wants to lick so needs to have something to stop him doing so. Suggestions? This is my first time having a dog as an adult and everything until now has been smooth sailing, now he’s so miserable and anxious I don’t know what to do and I feel awful."
1475,DogAdvice,Any Idea What This Could Be?!,
1476,DogAdvice,Need help asap - dog barking at strangers when they turn to leave,
1477,DogAdvice,My dog is only eating cheese (please help),"I know I posted like yesterday but i’m worried and there is an update. So my dog with pancreatitis hasn’t been eating, generally I can get him to eat a little meat here and there but not much. I remembered his favorite food was cheese and took out some fat-free (he has pancreatitis) slices, but the issue is that is all he will eat. I’ve tried sneaking meat in and folding the cheese over it but when I do that he either eats around the meat or just spits it back out. I’m worried because he’s getting really skinny and I don’t think any dog can live on fat-free cheese alone."
1478,DogAdvice,Dog acting weird after leaving him with neighbour,"Just to be clear, I dont think there was any abuse involved. Ive known my neighbour for a few years now and I've seen him and obviously heard him in the back yard with his own dog before she passed away, he's got a very kind heart towards animals but I am also confused at why my dog is acting strange.

We have a Deerhound x Staghound and my partner and I have started working similar hours so hes pretty much left at home for 8 hours alone instead of the original 2.5 hours and it has been stressing me out a bit. My neighbour offered to look after him during the day when we're not home which seems like the ideal scenario. His wife is sick so he doesnt get to leave the house a lot so the company is probably good for both of them.

I left him today for a couple of hours whilst i worked a half day for a bit of a trial period, gave my neighbour the run down and the do's/dont's and was on my way. Thanks for reading the rambling just wanted to clarify the situation and scenario. 

Home now and he seems to be acting a bit aloof and depressed. Is this normal? Have I just upset his routine? I think this will be a better routine in the long run. Is it fear of abandonment or something? I'm very lost and would love some answers on whether or not im doing the right or wrong thing. Thanks"
1479,DogAdvice,Please help me with math,I went to the vet today and my sweet baby needs to lose a little weight. He should be eating 550 calories a day. His dog food is 380 calories per cup. How much should I be feeding him in cups??
1480,DogAdvice,Year old dog throws herself against crate and stomps in poop,
1481,DogAdvice,Border collie 😍💙,
1482,DogAdvice,Am I a mean dog mom?,"My dog sleeps in bed with me, and I can imagine she jumps in bed with me when she wants to be close to me, but when she brings her toys in the bed, I tell her “down.” I only do this cause she always chews them on top of my blankets and rips up the bed coves and the bed. Does that make me confusing or mean? I know she wants both her toy and me… but I can’t allow both"
1483,DogAdvice,What does their body language mean? What was he (the dog) trying to do?,
1484,DogAdvice,Dog won't play with her toys anymore,"Hi, I'm not totally sure if this is the appropriate place to ask this, but I'm wondering if anyone has any advice. I have a 5 year old female husky that I've had since she was 7 weeks old. Of course like most huskies she's pretty high energy, and has always chewed on and destroyed toys since I got her. Her favorites tend to be string toys (that I monitor bc she's bad about trying to eat the string), stuffed animals (that I get very rarely bc she destroys them so fast and makes a huge mess), and cardboard, which she mostly just likes tearing up.

Back at the end of July I made a big move. This was clearly pretty hard on my dog. I lived with someone else before and there was another dog in the house that we got when she was about 3 months old, a female border collie. This border collie lived with us and my husky for 3 years (we got her when my husky was 2). 

When I moved the border collie went with the other person. I moved into a much smaller place and simply could not handle two dogs right now, especially two high energy dogs. 

Not only has my husky become a lot more anxious and needy (she clings to me and follows me room to room, which she never did before. She's affectionate but never like this) but she basically won't touch her toys anymore. I even got her a stuffed animal when we got here and even now months later it's intact. She licks it sometimes but that's about it. 

She eats and drinks normally, was in total health last time i took her to the vet, she still loves to go on walks and play with other dogs when I can manage to get her to a dog park, but she will not touch her toys. 

The combination of the anxiety and lack of interest in toys has me a little worried since she hasn't gotten better in all this time. It also makes caring for her pretty difficult as she seems to struggle to entertain herself at all and wants attention from me, and especially exercise, 24/7. I do what I can but I have my own stuff to do, and quite frankly some days after having already walked her a few miles and trying to play with her (which she's not really up for at my apartment either) I don't have the energy or interest in more play time. 

I'm going to be in this apartment for a while longer. I was wondering if anyone had any advice as to what I could do to get her to actually play with her toys again. I've tried rotating her toys, tried getting her new things(new rope toy, stuffed animals, rubber ones) but the only ones she has any interest in are new bones, and even those she gets bored of pretty quickly. I can't exactly afford to just constantly buy her new bones she barely even makes a dent on anymore every week. 

I thought at first she just needed more time but we're coming up on 5 months now of this. I'm not sure what to do to help her."
1485,DogAdvice,"My dog doesn't listen at all, what do I do?","Just got a pomeranian dog mix. She's about two years old. I named her Izzy. She's more like a family dog really rather then just mine. Well, I've had Izzy for four months and she still hasn't learned the basics! She doesn't get up when I call her inside the house, but for some reason she'll get up when called outside. And it took me a month for her to start trusting me. I gave her treats but she wouldn't eat them and it took the two months for her to eat them! But, she doesn't like the treats enough for me to train her to do things. Like, for my other dog I'd give him a treat if he sat down. But Izzy is way too lazy to do anything of that sort. I don't know what to do. I don't know how to control her when she's so lazy she won't even get up for a treat! What should I do?"
1486,DogAdvice,My Dog Keeps Regurgitating His Food,"Hi r/DogAdvice. My dog is a 2 year old neutered male corgi. He is a pretty vomit-y dog in general, so at first this didn't raise too many alarm bells (he has been to the vet for vomiting three times and they never could find a reason for it). For the past three days, he's been regurgitating some or all of his food a few minutes after eating. Not every time, but at least once per day. It's not always all of his food (sometimes it is) but 50-75%. He is pooping like normal, has plenty of energy, drinking normally, and doesn't seem lethargic at all. He is acting completely normal, other than the regurgitating. He also has a slow feeder, but I'm not sure if it's actually effective at slowing him down since it's the same bowl he's had since he was a puppy. We haven't changed anything in his diet or anything like that. He does have allergies and we give him Benedryl on days it's really bad, but he hasn't taken any for a week or so. We are going to try and find a vet that can take him before the holidays, but our normal vet is completely booked. My only thought now is that either a) the slow feeder is not slowing him down enough or b) he's anxious. 

Does anyone have any advice? Or thoughts? Anything we can do to help him?"
1487,DogAdvice,Looking for some insight as to what this is please.,"20kg, 7yo male. It's tiny, felt it under my fingers when I was giving him a stroke. It's on his back leg and is skin coloured. Could it be just a skin tag?"
1488,DogAdvice,Uncomfortable around aggressive akita,"I live with my parents and my old dog who is a mutt. They bought an akita 2 years ago. My parents aren't good dog owners and haven't trained her at all and she is out of everyone's control. The worst thing is she is aggressive toward my dog and has fought her several times to the point where she leaves her bleeding and traumatized. Sometimes she'll growl at me too and I'm not comfortable being around her. I'm looking for a place to move out where I can bring my dog but it's hard to find a place at the moment. My parents refuse to give the akita away; I don't even think she would allow to be given to someone else, she's so stubborn and hard to control. I wish they hadn't bought her and I don't know what to do. I'm still looking for a place but it could take months. Any advice?"
1489,DogAdvice,2 Dogs moving in together?,"My boyfriend has a 1 year old Doberman &amp; I have a 9 month old Jack x Pom .. they are both male dogs. They’ve played with each other since we’ve both gotten them at around 4 months old - we see each other every day &amp; we go out to the park so they can play with each other every day &amp; they play together very well. 

We’re currently away on a road trip with both dogs, it’s the first time both dogs have a sleepover &amp; the first night was definitely rough. They were so hyper and excited that they only fell asleep around 2am. Since then they’ve been a lot calmer but there’s been a slight incident. My bf’s Doberman was smelling my dogs bum and my dog went to do the same thing when my bf’s dog just snapped at him and bit him as a warning.. it’s the first time that’s happened. My dog was fine. It just also happened a second time, out of nowhere my bf’s dog just snapped at my dog and now he’s just by my side, sitting down underneath my chair &amp; not walking around anywhere. Whenever my bf’s dog comes close to him, he just puts his belly up. My dog is just staying by my side and I can see he’s scared. 

In an event like this what can I do? Because I know the cheerful and happy dog that I have so I hate seeing him like this. We were hoping in a few months to move in, how do we adjust both of them into the same house? What useful advice should we know? 😰"
1490,DogAdvice,Dog's eyelid,
1491,DogAdvice,5 y/o Dog has randomly started peeing in the house - advice,"So we adopted a shelter dog in 2019, she was fully potty trained, never made any accidents, knew tricks, etc. the only issue we faced was she had separation anxiety and she couldn’t be left home alone in a cage . 
We came home and  she had peed on herself, had saliva covering her body and her cage. So we never left her in a cage after that. 
Just recently we’ve noticed that whenever no one is home, even for an hour, she pee’s. It’s only in one area of our home and it’s ALOT of pee. We do let her outside before we leave but that never helps. She’s never done this before and has been left home alone countless times and this never was an issue. Like I said It’s only when she’s left alone for any period of time. 
I’m scared we may have to get rid of her because she will not stop peeing, our floors are peeling up from how much she is peeing on the floors. 
What should I do to correct the behavior, could it be a health issue? 
Thanks!"
1492,DogAdvice,What can I do to treat this.,I recently took my dog to the vet to be neutered and a week after he started getting this infection on his eye. I don't know if he got it from the vet visit. Or was this from his medication he was taking. Image attached
1493,DogAdvice,How do I get a dog to understand that a purr is not a growl?,"My dog and kitten are trying to get along. The kitten loves the dog and today they were curled up together and the kitten started purring. Well, the dog thinks it's a growl and started grmbling at him and got up to move away. How do I teach him that purrs are a good thing?"
1494,DogAdvice,Dog keeps getting ear infections,"She’s a hound. She refuses to wear her hat. She gets an infection, we go to the vet, he treats it with antibiotics, it gets better…for a few days. And then we’re back. 

Are there any home remedies for dogs that are prone to ear infections from the cold. She’s miserable and I’m broke. We’re talking $3k on vet fees every damn winter. 

Here’s what we’ve tried: 

Working on her diet. It’s not allergies. 
Antibiotic (after the vet took a culture) Not super effective. 
Training her to wear a hat (working on it) (it’s not working yet) 
Moving to a warmer climate (we’re too broke from vet fees and meds to move to Florida. One day!) 

Toss me your home remedies. I’m desperate."
1495,DogAdvice,Advice on clingy dog,"My dog is a 5 year old Maltese/Westie male. He has been skittish his whole life, we adopted him at 6 months old from not abusive but also not the best circumstances. I love my dog but all he does is follow me everywhere, lay on me as close as he can, any attention I give to other animals or people he try’s to get involved, and he just stares unblinking at me. My husband he completely leaves alone. Now if we are at someone’s home who he knows he will completely leave me alone and go do other things or if we are outside. But when home he drives me mental and I constantly feel guilty like I should be doing something. It’s exhausting. We tried adopting a puppy for a companion of the same breed. they were together for over a year but then my dog would just hide away in another room and completely seclude himself. (The puppy was given to another family member who lives on a farm and lives a great life for anyone thinking of giving me shit for giving my puppy away, but it was distressing the dog we already had) any advice on what to do? I just want him to relax and stop being so clingy"
1496,DogAdvice,"Dry patch. Started about 10 days ago, hasn’t been scratching at it. Not sure if there’s something I can do",
1497,DogAdvice,8month boxer + 3 year Corso. Best friends can’t be separated . Any advice to get them to live longer? The mastiff I know will have hip and joint problems when he’s older since he’s so big. I want to prevent that as much as possible. Recommendations?,
1498,DogAdvice,Hello! I am looking for a new canned dog food for my 2 year old pup as well as some questions.,"Hello! I was wanting to ask and see if anyone had good recommendations for affordable canned dog food. Currently I buy Purina canned dog food because it was recommended by a vet. I pay around 45 dollars for the entire month and was wondering if there was another brand. My dog seems to be not eating it as much anymore. So I am trying to do a brand switch up that’s healthy for her. I do mix it with kibble. However, my main question is, can I just give her only canned dog food? She seems to not like kibble."
1499,DogAdvice,Help with getting dog to go to the bathroom post surgery.,"Afternoon, our 3.5 year old lab/hound mix had TPLO surgery 10 days ago. Since home she has been going to the bathroom about every 10 to 14 hours. These last two days she is now only going every 22ish hours. Her not peeing is more of a concern than pooping in that time frame and i dont want her to get a bladder infection.

She has actually been drinking more water than when she came home over a week ago and I take her out multiple times throughout the day ranging from 15 mins to an hour. She is also eating her normal amount of food pre-surgery.

These last two days she just wanders around the yard and seems to just straight up refuse to go to the bathroom. I'm not sure how to get her to go. I have taking the cone off, gave her a bit of space with the leash and also giving her access to previous no entry sections for her in our backyard. We also keep it clean as usual and don't leave her droppings behind.

Besides this she is actually improving greatly. Her leg is no longer swollen, her walking has improved and her demeanor is her usual happy self.

Has anyone else experienced this and do they have any suggestions on how to get her to go more often?"
1500,DogAdvice,Seizure?,"Hi. Posting again as video didn’t upload first time. We are fostering a senior and today she did this. It lasted for around 5 minutes.  She’s also been having random episodes of heavy panting (not related to exercise, or heat).   

I called vet and sent him the video and he just said to monitor it, and if it happens again bring her in. 

Has anyone else experienced anything like this? We have fostered many dogs and have not seen this before."
1501,DogAdvice,Frenchie bullies,I have  6 French bulldog babies now  2mths old  I don't  have  enough  money  to continue  taking  care  off  please  who can  help  me adopt  them please am in Atlanta Georgie
1502,DogAdvice,Symptoms worsen after vet visit. Where to go from here?,"We went to the vet a few months ago for a suspected uti. She was drinking a bit more than usual and peeing more often on walks. It wasn’t anything too dramatic but just a small notice. There was 1 day she kept asking to go out which prompted the vet visit. 

Urinalysis found suspected bacteria &amp; we were given antibiotics. She toke them for 4 days until the urine culture came back negative in which I stopped. The vet said it was probably not a uti then. During this visit we also did a blood test and x rays but everything was normal except high bilirubin. 

We went back to do another blood test a week or two ago and it’s a different doctor this time (but the same clinic) who is going over the last visit. He mentions something the other vet didn’t which is my dogs urine has a pH of 9 which could indicate a uti. I opted not to do another urinalysis or urine culture because of what the other vet said and just process with blood work. It came back normal. Bilirubin levels were within range. 

These past few days, the drinking water has increased where it’s so noticeable. Few months ago even though I noticed a bit of an increase in intake of water, her pee was still yellow as usual. She generally doesn’t drink that much water anyways. Now it’s like light yellow to clear. And she’s peeing way more often on walks. She’s also gained a few pounds which the 2nd vet noticed. That may or may not be related to the uti symptoms but still something I wanted to mention. 

Idk what to do/ go from here because it seems the vet can’t really figure out what’s going on and blood tests look normal."
1503,DogAdvice,Is this a skin tag on my dog? Or do I need to worry?,
1504,DogAdvice,How do I know if my new puppy (8 weeks) is being aggressive or just playing with my older dog (1year),
1505,DogAdvice,Will my dog be ok?,"Will my dog me ok?

Hello, so yesterday my dog was at a vet visit she was on antibiotics because she ate bad food on Sunday. Now it’s Tuesday and today she ate 2 chicken burritos they were wrapped idk how she got to them but she did. She found a way to eat them, she looks very bloated. Now I can’t afford to take her to the vet again, but can the antibiotics she’s on now work?"
1506,DogAdvice,Seizure?,"Hi all. We are fostering a senior dog. This afternoon she had an episode where she was shaking her head rapidl.  It lasted for around 5 minutes.  I think she bit her tongue during it, there was a bit of blood. She was conscious and walking around the whole time. 

I did call the vet and he said to monitor her, and if it happens again they would refer to a neurologist and possibly put on meds, but I’m worried. 

Has anyone experienced this?  We have fostered many many dogs and I have not seen this."
1507,DogAdvice,Introducing Cat &amp; Dog,"Next year my boyfriend and I are moving in together. I have a cat (F, Pearl) and he has a dog (M, Cudi). We are thinking about renting a townhome for a while.

Any advice for making this work? Pearl has only been around one puppy and it wasn’t a long interaction. She’s a sweet girl and gets along with other cats, but I have no idea how she’ll be with Cudi. 
Cudi is a husky and can be very territorial (as they usually are). He’s a sweet boy and also gets along with other dogs, but has not been around cats.

Any help is appreciated! Both are indoor pets."
1508,DogAdvice,dog won't eat his own food,"I have a 6yo shih tzu/jack russel/Chihuahua mix who will not eat any dog food that is fed to him. I have tried multiple brands, different sizes of kibble, different meats, mixing with wet food, wet alone, etc. He will not eat it. He has absolutely no problem begging for our food or eating the cat food at any opportunity like when we sleep or leave the room. Occasionally he is bold and tries to eat the cat food in front of us. We also dog sit and he is always trying to eat their food. The funny part of that is he will eat their food but it will be the same brand(s) I've tried to feed him either past or presently.

I am pretty sure it is behavioral but I can't figure out why. He is given lots of love, affection, and is a generally well taken care of. I mentioned it to our vet before but they shrugged us off. 

Any ideas?"
1509,DogAdvice,unexpected behavior from new dog?,"I have been with my 3 year-old terrier mix buddy for just over 2 weeks now. He’s a rescue dog and it’s been a great experience so far! No in-home potty accidents, no bites, hardly any barking, etc. He’s been very social/friendly with a couple friends (men and women) and my partner. 

But yesterday he acted mysteriously with a friend of mine. He would lightly growl at him, but then would immediately give him kisses after. Then, he would retreat and growl all over again. On this morning’s walk, he growled at the sight of a guy walking nearby. 
This evening, he was friendly with strangers on the walk…no growls or anything.


I’m only confused &amp; concerned because he’s been lovely with me and the few other friends he’s met over the past two weeks. Is this something to be concerned about? Was it just a mood? I’m aware that dogs tend to show their “true colors” after adjustment, but what what would you chalk this all up to?"
1510,DogAdvice,atropine sulfate ophthalmic solution,"Does anyone have experience with this eye drop medication? My vet prescribed it for my dogs eye injury in addition to an antibiotic drop. Curious if folks found it helpful. It seems to make my dog keep his eye shut after it’s administered, and I guess I find this surprising. Thanks"
1511,DogAdvice,Crate Advice:,"I haven't had a dog in over 16 years but I do try to keep up with what's what.

The only issue I am having is, the dog I am going to foster (my brothers) is a little growly when being out into his crate (or so I am told)

Can I safely leave anything in the crate for him to make it a more positive experience? Or is it like training and sporadically give him treats?

I think part of the problem is this dog doesn't get walked much, so I'm going to be walking him at least twice a day, for at least an hour so hopefully that'll make things a little more easy.

I'm going to get him a nice bed to go there too because it's this safe place.

Info: dog is about 8 years old. Some sort of mutt (will be doing an embark because I am curious) We THINK a chi - terrier mix. He weighs maybe all of 10 pounds."
1512,DogAdvice,Nervous/skittish dog help?,"I got my dog in late 2019, wanted to make sure she had all of her important vaccines before I started major socialization (I had plans of her going EVERYWHERE with me) and then Covid happened and I already worked from home. Now I have a 3 year old skittish pandemic puppy.

I've been taking her a lot more places for the past six months or so and she's doing a bit better and is less panicky. Occasionally, she's even excited to see some of my friends and immediately letting them pet her, but if I take her to my boyfriend's place (she's been around him about a dozen times) for a couple of days, she's still nervous the entire time, wants to put off eating, will only sleep if she's on the bed at my feet, etc. She's not panicked, but definitely uncomfy. (I should add that she was excited to see him this past time for the first evening we were there, by day two, she was nervous about him and his place again.)

I've came to terms with her never being the kind of dog that is fine with strangers petting her and most people accept it when I tell them she's skittish and won't let them touch her, but I do wish I could take her on outings without needing to focus so much attention on everyone and everything that's happening at once, because while I don't think she'll bite, I also don't want to set her up for failure either.

Am I doing mostly what I can here and just have to wait/hope for her to come around to new experiences a bit more? Or is there something else I can add in that will help?

A few other notes:  
She's a Husky/GSD mix.  
She isn't at all food or toy driven, so I'm a bit more lost on how to reward good behavior."
1513,DogAdvice,How can I help my parents mend the relationship between their willful dog and their curious grandson?,"My parents are both in their upper 60s and have a Soft-Coated Wheaton terrier (about 60 lbs) who is extremely willful. They have a shock collar on him, but he typically isn't deterred from bad behaviors due to inconsistent conditioning and probably sheer carelessness to just do what he wants. My 4.5 year old nephew is growing a bit scared of him, as the dog constantly barks and lurches toward him when my parents are babysitting. My nephew isn't scared when he's sitting with my parents in a chair, even if the dog is sniffing and licking his feet. The dog will constantly follow around my parents if they are carrying my nephew, sometimes jumping up to smell or lick my nephew. My nephew is at the age where he wants to run around our house with toys creating a ton of ruckus. This agitates/excites the dog. My parents have gates around the house which successfully sequester the dog and nephew. However, this usually leads to the dog watching right at the gate door (or running in between gate doors if my nephew is running around), incessantly barking until my nephew fully leaves the house.

&amp;#x200B;

I feel bad because the constant barking is stressful, but I don't know how to help my parents. While they definitely could be diligent with training my dog, a few trainers have called him ""the most willful dog they've ever seen"". I'm hoping to crowdsource some ideas on how my parents could find some peace in their home, but I also don't want my nephew to ""permanently"" have a scared dynamic with our dog. My parents would not rehome the dog. Also my sibling has a less intimidating/aggressive (but probably just as loud, more anxious) dog at home that gets along well with my nephew, so I do think there's potential for my nephew to like the dog."
1514,DogAdvice,my senior foster pup might have cushings disease (i think he 100% does..),"i guess this is just a discussion, but im open to advice and if anyone knows anything about it from experience or knowledge. 
(Picture: Snoopy is the big boy, Annie is the little lady!) 

my family and i are fostering (soon to adopt) a senior beagle, he’s 11, and his name is allegedly  “Snoopy.” unfortunately we have little to no information on him, all we know is that his previous owner passed away and the family of the owner wanted to euthanize him. however, in their care, they neutered him at 10 years old. that is all we know about him. from our experience, he is VERY affectionate, he is overweight, he has severe separation anxiety, and he does not respond to his name/commands/sounds. 

we took him to VetCo (petco’s vet, we do not recommend) because we weren’t able to get him into our personal vet yet. anyways, after weeks with that vet, we finally switched and got him into our personal vet. our vet was concerned about Cushing’s disease, and the previous vet had mentioned it too.. because he checks off all the boxes on the symptoms. on top of that, he has chronic ear infections, hearing loss, a heart murmur, and a distant heartbeat (vet said that it’s hard to hear it? it sounds far away… possibly due to him panting  or obesity). we will also have to do a chest X-ray to ensure his lungs and heart are alright. 

i love this dog, he is the sweetest. we put down about $600 or more in vet bills so far, and we plan to put down more to get him tested for Cushing’s disease and X-ray. once they test him, we can get the medication to help give him a quality of life. we are also giving him CBD oil 1-2x daily to help him calm down because his anxiety. 

it just saddens me, knowing that we are going to adopt a dog who’s already a senior, and who’s life could be cut short due to a variety of different reasons. i am also sad because we have another senior beagle, Annie, who is 14 years old too. i know that beagles life expectancy is usually 12-15 years… and my heart breaks just to think about this all."
1515,DogAdvice,Plz help my older dog is terrified of my new puppy,"My dog (2 years old) is scared of my new puppy (10 weeks old)
My family just got a new puppy and our older dog is scared of him. Every time the new dog comes to play with the older dog the older dog runs away in fear, every time my older dog has a toy and the puppy comes running at him the older dog drops the toy and runs.

The older dog seems to be depressed and is not eating his food like he used to and is now totally rejecting treats. We separate the dogs a lot so they can have alone time from each other and we always make the time to show the older dog love so he doesn’t feel left out or replaced

How do I get my older dog to toughen up and will my older dog be depressed forever?"
1516,DogAdvice,Does anyone know what this is? I woke up &amp; my dog was bleeding everywhere. I thought her nail fell off but once I got her paw cleaned I noticed it was coming from this weird pink thing. She won’t let me touch it because it’s hurting her &amp; she’s limping.,
1517,DogAdvice,"Gosh, this might not be the right place.",What do you do about others feeding your dog? Recently I let my six month old puppy go to my moms for the day while I was at work and I asked her to send a picture of him and she sent me a picture of his head in a yoghurt cup... I got pretty upset because we are training him to not care for human food or bug us what we’re eating. How to do you talk to someone who doesn’t care for the training you’re doing with your dog.
1518,DogAdvice,Dog brushing routine advice.,"I brush my dogs’ teeth daily with enzyme toothpaste about an hour after the evening meal, but I’m wondering if there’s specific times of day that are best to brush their teeth?

Last thing before bed, or after a meal, or at the start of the day, or does it probably not matter?

And since I give medications right after tooth brushing, I tend to use the peanut butter meds as a treat for letting me brush. But just now I saw my girl’s teeth had peanut butter on and it made me think, am I negating the effects of tooth brushing by instantly covering the teeth in peanut butter?? XD

I can’t find specific guidelines on best times to brush, just lots of advice about how to get your dogs to accept it, which I don’t need! Any advice or thoughts welcome."
1519,DogAdvice,Lung mass in Pomeranian puppy,"My mum has a 10 month old Pomeranian. She’s had a hacking type cough for a few months (usually when she gets excited). We took her to a vet who gave some medication which showed some improvement until it ran out. We took her to another vet who did a full physical and suspected a collapsed trachea but wanted to do some X-rays first. Apparently there’s a mass on her lung which she says is not cancerous (not sure what indicates that on an X-ray) but she doesn’t know what it could be so she’s going to start her on medication and see how that goes before investigating any further.

Other than the coughing she is perfectly healthy, happy and has not acted abnormal at all. She’s very cheery and super friendly, and the vet said her physical exam was perfect.

If the vet has ruled out cancer, is there anything else it could that’s life threatening? My mum is absolutely distraught and whilst I know this isn’t medical advice I’m just wondering if anyone has experienced anything similar and could shed some light?"
1520,DogAdvice,Ongoing Digestive Issues,"My English Springer Spaniel Roxy (8 years old, female) has been having ongoing digestive issues for about 2 months now. We've been back and forth to the vet many times. This all started around September 25th.

It started out as painful gas. She would cry and pace for an hour to 2 hours. Eventually I'd get her to settle, put the heating pad on her belly and she would pass some really smelly farts and then just go to sleep. It was progressively becoming more frequent so we knew she needed to get into the vet. We called the vet and the first appointment was 2 weeks out. But they prescribed us a probiotic and recommended trying Beano over the counter with dinner and told us to try a bland diet of Chicken and Rice in the meantime.

Then we finally went to her appointment and got her bloodwork and a stool sample analyzed. Stool sample was normal, bloodwork only showed her Phosphate level was a little low, not really conclusive of anything. Vet prescribed a prescription diet Purina Gastro EN and said we could also use Gas X whenever she had an episode. We were slowly transitioning to the new diet and things were looking better. We only had about 3 gas episodes during the transition rather than every single night and whenever an episode was coming on we would give her Gas X and it would resolve in a half hour. So we learned how to treat it, but not what's causing it.

We scheduled an abdominal ultrasound. We lost our last dog really suddenly and wanted to be sure this wasn't something serious. Meanwhile the day before the ultrasound we had almost finished transitioning to the new diet, but suddenly she has diarrhea. So we go back to chicken and rice. She fluctuated between bouts of bad diarrhea and semi solid stool, we are now on day 4 of diarrhea. We have tried fasting for 12 hours. Then small frequent meals of chicken and rice. On day 3 we also added a spoonful of pumpkin. Probiotics in the morning, beano at night. Today we returned to the vet for repeat bloodwork and they gave us Flagyl for the diarrhea. Meanwhile my dad and I also had terrible diarrhea as well. So it's possible that it's a diarrhea bug that we all caught and is actually a separate issue from the gas..

It's a huge relief that her ultrasound was normal and didn't show a tumor or anything. But I'm also frustrated that we have no real answers for what's going on with Roxy. She's lost 7 pounds. I'm frustrated that everyone just keeps telling me to keep doing what I'm doing. I'm frustrated that I called the vet over and over and Roxy had to have diarrhea for four days before someone finally prescribed something. I'm hopeful that we can get her stable and that this is a bug and all she needed was a different diet. I love this dog so much.. I'm exhausted. I've spent so many nights up with her with either diarrhea or gas. Everytime I take her out I'm so anxious that she's gonna have more diarrhea."
1521,DogAdvice,I need some help with my dog,"My dog has just turned 4 he has recently started doing his business in the house again for the first time since he was a puppy and he's also not listening to some commands that he's given, this has never been an issue until now I thing something might be wrong with him but I'm not sure I would really appreciate any help that I can get thank you"
1522,DogAdvice,Spin-Cycle Overload,"We have recently adopted a second GSD from the shelter (\~2 months ago). At first, the dog (we named him Dog) was acclimating well, learning new tricks and easily house trained. Three weeks ago today, we noticed Dog start to spin while sniffing the ground (bi-directional) and let out a high pitch bark when he completed the turn (not tail chasing). This coincided with the installation of our sod grass that day as well as switching to a new food: Inukshuk. We have tried changing his food back to what he had before the switch to no avail (Orijen Original). A couple days before onset, he finished a month long regimen of Doxycycline for heartworms. Since then, and truly over the course of the first 1-2 days, the behavior has increased in frequency to nearly all day except when he is sleeping. If he goes outside, we cannot distract him from this behavior (balls/ physically trying to move him, etc), and he also pulls up clumps of grass during the spins with his mouth. We are afraid to let him outside because of the noise + destroying our new grass. Indoors, he also spins, yips, and licks the floor/drags his teeth on the flooring while spinning. Sometimes a ball will distract him indoors for a few minutes while he chews on it, but most often he will run to a ball or a toy and then spin cycle once he reaches the ball. He used to have a solid “come,” but he now ignores it while spin-cycling. His vocalizations have also increased to constant, be it whining anxiously or high-pitched yapping most hours of the day. For example, he used to be very calm/happy during a car ride, and you can see in the video I’ve attached anxious vocalizing.   


He is going to the vet next week for a blood panel + heartworm injection. We have called them a couple times about the spin-cycle, and their advice was to redirect, and we have been dedicated to doing so, but it’s nearly impossible at this point to really distract him from the spin-cycle at all, or at least distract him constantly all day. We fortunately both work from home, so we can rule out separation anxiety, and we have the capacity to work with him more than most would be able to. He does this in the crate as well, but instead of licking he digs at the pad.   


All of this is to say, we are desperate for any insights, hearing from those with similar experiences, or advice. 

Thankful for your replies!"
1523,DogAdvice,My collie has been vomiting three days in a row.,The past few days my dog has thrown up her breakfast. This has happened three days in a row. She’s then back to life and acting normal. Today she threw up this morning and has been fine the rest of the day and has now thrown up this evening too. I’m not sure what this could be as it’s very unlike her? I’m going to call the vet in the morning. Does anyone have any advice on what this could be or what I should do.
1524,DogAdvice,Which Dog Breed Is Right For You?,
1525,DogAdvice,Dog often has upset stomach only in the morning.,"My dog has gurgling sounds in the morning and is often not hungry. Today he was also sitting down a lot and wouldn’t want to go on his walk. He is eating the freeze dried raw nuggets on his meal but won’t touch his kibble. He has a bunch of food allergies, poultry, dairy, beef, duck, turkey and lamb so I give him a venison based kibble and pork based freeze dried topper. Do you think he could be allergic to venison also since he is okay eating pork based freeze dried food and I haven’t seen him poop yet so don’t know about that but it happens frequently that his stomach makes weird noises in the morning and he is often not hungry. We’ve done all tests and haven’t found anything, will get a referral for internal medicine specialist moving forward but any tips"
1526,DogAdvice,can I take my dog to hospital,my boy accidentally broke he's nail while chasing cat what should I do? pls help :(
1527,DogAdvice,Is this “whale eye”? 😞 was one of my favorite pictures of me and my dog and I’m just now noticing this.,
1528,DogAdvice,What is this bald patch on my 1 year old dog?,
1529,DogAdvice,My dog has HGE,"Hey everyone, 

My small dog has HGE. I found out earlier yesterday when he came back from being outside and big drops of blood trailed behind him on the sheet of my bed, I went outside to look at his stool to see if something he ate cut him a little, but his stool looked like jam and was bloody diarrhea. 
I was able to take him to the vet for an emergency appointment and his was diagnosed with HGE which can be/if fatal. He is in a fair amount of pain which is breaking my heart. 
I don’t have the money to take him into the vet again for his treatment of an overnight stay to push IV’s into his body, antibiotics. Which will cost a total of $500. I usually would be able to pay for this but ran into some personal family emergencies that wiped me out. 
I am asking if anyone has any ideas and tips on keeping him comfortable and as healthy as I can until I get paid on the 1st. 

Thank you for any advice given to me. I just want to make him feel as comfortable as possible until the 1st"
1530,DogAdvice,My dog (2 years old) is scared of my new puppy (10 weeks old),"My family just got a new puppy and our older dog is scared of him. Every time the new dog comes to play with the older dog the older dog runs away in fear, every time my older dog has a toy and the puppy comes running at him the older dog drops the toy and runs. 

The older dog seems to be depressed and is not eating his food like he used to and is now totally rejecting treats. We separate the dogs a lot so they can have alone time from each other and we always make the time to show the older dog love so he doesn’t feel left out or replaced 

How do I get my older dog to toughen up and will my older dog be depressed forever?"
1531,DogAdvice,my dog loves chewing the ends of this toy. can anyone reccommend something similiar?,
1532,DogAdvice,3yo Boston pooping in house,"My 3yo Boston Terrier is pooping in my in-laws house. The thing is, he does NOT do this anywhere else. Not at my house, not at my parents house, not at the cottage, at work, etc. It only happens when my in-laws are dog sitting him (which is every day - they watch him while I am at work). He only goes poo right by the front door. Nowhere else in the house. There are bells by all of the doors that he *knows* to press when he wants to go out for potty time (all of them have been tested and are fully functional). I'm at a loss on how to stop this behavior. When this first started happening I scheduled an appointment with the vet. She said there is nothing physically wrong with him and she doesn't have a clue why he's doing this. 

Advice? Recommendations on products to stop this? "
1533,DogAdvice,What are these small bugs crawling around my dogs butt?,
1534,DogAdvice,"my dog ""coughs"" after our long, fast walks. Only when we get home. sometimes she'll even throw up a little. It worries me, does anyone know what it could be? my theory is in post","You know when you're running and suddenly stop and become nauseous/throw up? I wonder if that's what's going on with her. I've tried slow walking for the last half mile of our walk and the ""coughing"" still happens. She doesn't cough while walking, only when we get home from the walk. The vet is expensive but is this worth it to bring her in for?"
1535,DogAdvice,How to get a dog used to wearing booties?,"Hi all. Sorry if this isn't the correct place to ask! I'd like to get my dog booties for the winter since he loves to go on walks. With all the loose gravel and salt laying on the road, I'd like to get him booties to help protect his paws and so they don't get too cold when in the snow. But I have a feeling he's going to hate having them on lol. Any suggestions/experiences with getting a dog used to wearing them, or is it better to just go bare paw?"
1536,DogAdvice,Deter my dog from jumping on couches,"I have a very stubborn shepherd that is really hard to train and she always jump and the couches and she’s like crazy. 

Any tip on spray or mixtures in order to get her NOT to sit on the furniture ? Ty"
1537,DogAdvice,"My Dog injured her Paw pad, info in comments",
1538,DogAdvice,Dog extra clingy,"We are a family of 7 people. My dog is very attached to my father in law and usually stays with him. We recently had a shirt 1 day trip leaving my father in law and him behind. Ever since we came back, he is not leaving my side for a minute. He just wants to be with me all the time, he needs all my attention, wants to sleep on my bed. He does not even want my husband to sleep with us. Should I be concerned about this? He has never shown such affection to anyone before. For reference, he has anxiety issues."
1539,DogAdvice,So you guys know what this is,
1540,DogAdvice,What are some better alternative treats for my dog?,"We have been feeding my dog a couple of good lovin treats, the pinks ears, maple ham bone, and rawhide rolls. We haven't had any problems, thankfully, but i have been seeing some stuff online saying that this selection of treats is bad, in specific the rawhide and ham bones. I was already aware that rawhide was bad for dogs, but as it said 100 percent digestible I just assumed it was made of something else with the rawhide part simply being a marketing ploy.  We have decided to stop giving him the ham bones since those are dangerous, but i was just wondering if the rawhide rolls are also bad? I have seen a couple of different companies do the same thing of saying something is 100 percent digestible rawhide such as better belly, are these claims legitimate or should i just switch to no hide? Sorry for how many questions there are, I'm kinda freaking out cause i dont want my dog to get sick LOL"
1541,DogAdvice,My dog likes outside more than inside,"Obviously my dog is an outside dog. but she has separation anxiety, so she will bark when she wants attention. I train and get her tired and she barely barks during the day until its time to eat dinner. she sometimes wants it early it seems. Thats not the problem though, she is quieter than the other dogs in our neighborhood that are around us and the most behaved big/medium dog on leash.

problem: she likes being outside more than in her crate at night.

explain: when it was warmer i'd have to pet her and then she'd get up to come in and be just fine during the night in her kennel, i dont force her in, she just walks into it with guidence.

now that its cold, we obviously dont want her to freeze outside. she has a dog enclosure she can safely be in with access always to water, a bed, and an igloo. when we bring her in for the night, she goes in as usual and then after a few moments of letting us sleep she starts whinning and barking. at first you'd think ""she just needs water"" or ""she needs a potty break."" well we did both of those, she didnt take the water (when she was a pup she tended to have water at night when she barked which is why i trued it this time) and she went pee. we bring her back in and then a few minutes later she is barking again. we eventually put her outside in the doggy pen and she goes right to sleep on her outside bed, then she wakes up whinning a bit (i assume she forgot it was cold outside til she woke up) and then she goes into her kennel and sleeps the rest of the night perfectly fine.

if we have an anxiety collar from the vet on her, she is better at night inside.

we dont want her to be cold outside. so we prefer her to be inside, but in the last 2 days, she prefers outside. we are working on getting a heating dog bed for her so she isnt cold but it would be nice to know is warmer inside.

her anxiety collar lasts 1 month so after that we have to schedule another, in between those days we dont want to be kept up all night trying to calm her down.

clarify: We do NOT want her outside in the cold. *she* chooses it.

anything we could do?

note: she is 8 yrs old, a Rottweiler, and she has had past seizures due to a mold allergy (affected us too. we moved since then) so the vet said we gotta be careful of the anxiety meds. she had us try some and it gave her a seizure so we stopped and the anxiety collar works great, no seizures."
1542,DogAdvice,Dog keeps licking this red bump in between his paws,
1543,DogAdvice,"New rescue and old pup-bonding? We’ve had our rescue for 2 weeks, poor guy hasn’t napped the whole time until the last two days where they both curl up on me like this… not quite touching yet but close! Here is to what I hope is a lifetime friendship between them!",
1544,DogAdvice,Is this something I should worry about I touched it doesn’t seem to hurt,
1545,DogAdvice,Advice on how to quickly settle a dog into moving homes?,
1546,DogAdvice,Belgian Malinois/m/5yrs/71lbs,
1547,DogAdvice,extremely dominant and aggressive dog,"Hello, I hope someone can help me or give me some advice.. 

I try to make it short and sum everything up.  

My dog is extremely dominant towards other dogs and horribly territorial, I really think that this is an extreme case. I adopted him over a year ago , he‘s 2 years old , castrated and 17 pounds (tiny) , don‘t know his breed, he‘s a mix, but really really beautiful and cute and looks like an angel actually but if he gets angry, he turns into a devil. 

The first months were horrible, he became more and more reactive, went totally crazy when we came close to other dogs, he barked at everything and got aggressive towards me in those moments of rage. I was so so desperate, we live in the city and there are so many dogs here, it was impossible to avoid them completely. Going on a walk with him was horrible, at home I spent my time watching videos and reading stuff etc, I was so exhausted.. i couldn‘t afford a dog trainer or anything so I had to do it on my own, I tried several stuff from counter conditioning, worked a lot with treats, in the end I did a mixture of everything and it got better with time.. 

so now I can go on a walk with him and actually enjoy it (at least most of the time). He gets alonh well with little dogs , females in general , he‘s extremely dominant though and also insecure, sometimes even anxious towards little dogs which is absurd, because when he see‘s a bigger male dog (not castrated worst case) he gets totally wild and its difficult for me to control him. 
In most cases I can handle him very well but there is particularly one dog which is his hate object nr 1 and he becomes this evil rage machine , it‘s really scary actually. I can‘t call it aggression because it doesn‘t describe it at all. In that state I cannot do much. I tell him to STOP It, try to make him sit, making eye contact , which works with other dogs that he doesn’t like but not with his hate objects (that one dog and especially huskies) Even when the dog is not in sight anymore he marks the ground like crazy , growling at the same time, raised hair from neck to tail… 

today we had this encounter in the morning, he went wild, I tried but couldn‘t control him, he bit me in the leg. I was so angry and so sad because I thought that we passed that shit already, it was a huge relapse. most people find it funny when he gets angry because he‘s little and cute , he always has this beauty bonus. In the first months I always tried to find excuses for this behaviour(he‘s traumatized etc , he was abandoned) but I think it‘s his extremely dominant attitude which has nothing to do with the past. On the other hand he‘s the cutest dog, he really is. 

What is really concerning for me is the level of rage and aggression , he goes from 0 to 10000, it also happened that he got along well with a dog and all of a sudden he got mad and attacked the other dog without any warning. He’s so unpredictable and I’m afraid that he could seriously harm another dog. Of course other owners find it funny because “cute little dog gets angry“ “don‘t worry, it‘s ok“.. no it‘s not. another big problem is the vet. We were three (!!!) people trying to control and hold him for one vaccine. I don‘t know what happens if he gets ill and needs treatment … even the vets said it to me “this is not normal. We have seen extrem cases of nervous and anxious dogs at the vet.“ 

I tried to get him used to a muzzle, we trained that but he gets paralized as soon as he wears it, he wouldn‘t move .. i don‘t think that wearing a muzzle is the solution, I wish it was. He also rejects any kind of collar, he turns into a depressed thing, he only wears a harness for walks. Don‘t know what he went through and why he hates other dogs so much. 
At home he‘s cute and I‘m happy with him, he sleeps at his place, no begging at the table (of course he tries but he goes back to his place when I tell him) , no destruction or aggression problems, he waits for my commando to start eating , no extrem barking only when excited for something.. one vet said to me that I should not give him affection, no petting, no cuddling, only one place for him, all rooms forbidden, basically only nos nos nos.. i mean, this is not the solution right? We have rules, like I wrote above, but I don‘t think that something would change for the better if I stopped petting him. 

I hope this wasn‘t too much.. it would be nice to hear other experiences , maybe someone knows something, I would appreciate that alot! Thank you!!"
1548,DogAdvice,"Hiccups for hours, vomits sometimes","Three year old hound. Every other day, he gets hiccups and sometimes vomits. Not sure, but vomiting may stop hiccups.

Any idea why, what to look for, and other general advice?"
1549,DogAdvice,Puppy got her shots and now the bottom of her tail/back is bothering her A LOT. Is this just normal post shots?,"13 week old puppy got her second round and now she cries every time I pick her up or try and pet her. The sensitive area seems to be the bottom of her tail. Should I be concerned? Or is it just normal for her to have some tenderness around there after shots? I thought it would be more her hip than her tail. Was thinking about calling the vet in the morning but wanted to see if anybody else has had a similar thing with their dog. 

Another slight concern, she isn’t crazy about her food. All my puppies in the past have been food crazy and she just eats however much she wants (less than the bag suggests) and then walks away from it. She’s a healthy weight and is growing fast. Just curious if this is concerning or a good sign that she only eats if she’s hungry."
1550,DogAdvice,Growths on toes ( more in comments),
1551,DogAdvice,Watching a second dog for the holiday - Any Tips?,"Hi folks -- I'm watching a friend's dog for the week. My 1-year old pup and this 6-year old pup have met and socialized a few times (one at my place, a couple of times at theirs, and once out on a ""family hike"") and while they have different energy levels have played a bit and everything has been okay. However, I'd still like folks' tips/advice on how to make sure the week goes as smoothly as possible. I don't have guests over a ton, and though neither dog has shown any hint of being territorial, my pup is a little bit of an attention hog (in particular hogging any dog/human third party attention)."
1552,DogAdvice,My dog is acting anxious about being inside because of flies?,"I have a 10 year old lab/husky mix who has always been a very… emotional, dog.  He picks up on vibes, gets depressed if it’s not a nice day out, extra anxious with loud noises, etc.  However recently he’s been acting like he’s afraid to be inside.  At first we thought it was because his ear was bothering him but we’ve cleaned his ear up now and he’s still acting like this.  Then when he sees a fly he jumps up and runs off when it didn’t even really fly near him.  Flies have been getting in the house a lot lately but it’s getting to a point with the dog where he refuses to come inside and we have to chase him around the yard to leash him and bring him in after he’s been out for so long.  He’ll tremble and have his tail tucked and we can’t figure out how to calm him because we’re not even 100% sure it or the flies causing this reaction.  He isn’t afraid of them when he’s outside and they buzz around him but inside is different for some reason.  I just don’t know if maybe it’s the flies or if something else medically is going on with him maybe?  And then if it is the flies I don’t know how to calm him.
We just don’t know what to do and are really worried"
1553,DogAdvice,Spot appeared 10 days ago and is getting bigger.,This is a 75 lb neutered female lab. She doesn’t seem to notice this spot. It first appeared as the hair slightly lighter in color but now the hair is much lighter and very course. The skin underneath looks darker than the surrounding area. Anyone have an idea what this might be?
1554,DogAdvice,Small white lump on dogs paw pad feels like a little pimple,
1555,DogAdvice,Hard lump under skin of my 8 month old Great Pyrenees,Hi! New dog owner here. Got my 8 month old male GP about 2 months ago. He is an outside working dog on a farm. Today I noticed while petting him a hard lump about the size and shape of a lipstick tube on his left shoulder blade. I've never noticed it before and I spend a lot of time out there with him petting him. At first I thought it was a bone protruding but nothing similar on the other side. I pressed hard on it and he did not react so it doesn't seem like it is causing him pain but I am concerned about him. He is not limping or anything and is eating and drinking and acting normal. Any advice on what it could be?
1556,DogAdvice,"Dog ate paper muffin wrapper 1.5 days ago, seems fine but hasn’t passed it.","Advice needed- our 20 pound Westie ate a banana nut muffin wrapper Sunday morning (1.5 days ago). We have been monitoring her and she’s her normal self. She pooped yesterday evening and this morning and both were normal. Her appetite has been good.

Overnight she did throw up a little in her crate which she does from time to time (tends to randomly eat things on our back patio) and she did not poop yet this evening.

Is she ok if it doesn’t pass? Is it possible it is dissolving? It was just a standard paper wrapper on the muffin. We are supposed to travel for thanksgiving tomorrow and she is supposed to be at her daycare place for the week.  Not sure of what to do here."
1557,DogAdvice,3yo female was spayed 16 days ago. does her wound look ok? she is booked into the vets for tomorrow as she seems to still be in pain but I'm not sure if it's the spay or something else...,
1558,DogAdvice,Came home and realized my dog has the really big mark under his eye that appears to be a scratch any idea what this may be?,
1559,DogAdvice,"The dog has been vomiting whole food for two days, is it worrying? (Ate rice at lunch",
1560,DogAdvice,How do I build confidence cutting black dog's nails?,"This is just after a trim, and I trim regularly. But her nails are just so black!! I feel like I don't take enough length off, but I'm terrified of hitting her quick. I know the visual 'tricks'to determine when you're close to the quick but I still feel like a ball of anxiety trying to avoid hitting it. She also just has a stupid long quick, even when she gets professionally groomed &amp; has her nails dremeled they're still pretty long. She is good about trims, it's me that has the issue."
1561,DogAdvice,Leaking fluid from paws,"My 13yo boxer pit mix has some issues with swelling and fluid retention. He’s seen two different vets, one charged us $800 to tell us they don’t know what’s going on, the other said heart cancer and he would die in a few weeks. This was about a year and a half ago. Normally he swells up for about a week, then pees it all out. This time is worse, the swelling isn’t going down like it normally does. He is leaking a clear fluid from his paws, and it’s like a lot. The vet can’t get him in until next week, and I refuse to go back to the emergency vet who told us they didn’t know. I don’t know what to do for him, the person from the vets office I spoke to didn’t seem like she believed that he was actually leaking from his paws. What could it even be?"
1562,DogAdvice,Adorable names for a pomeranian/spitz?,"I'm getting a little boy on Sunday and need to think of names, he's a fluff ball and looks like a teddy bear.

I like names that are very cute sounding, I'm not a huge fan of human names unless it's something that it still cute like Koda, milo or has two names in one like teddy/short for Ted.

But yeah feel free to comment name ideas for my baby 🥰"
1563,DogAdvice,Do dogs always bleed when on their period?,"My stepmoms 1.5 y/o ShitPu has never bled, she’s shown other signs of being in heat though on occasions ie: licking vulva, enlarged/pinker vulva, hormonal changes like being extra needy, annoying my dog more etc.. it does all happen at the same time the only thing she’s never done is bled.  Just wondering if this is normal as my own dog was spayed when i rescued her and all previous dogs were male so im not experienced with dog periods. tia"
1564,DogAdvice,Can/should I introduce my puppy to my mom’s dogs and let him out in the yard?,"I just got a puppy (my first ever pup). He is 8.5 weeks old. I have a rescue dog that is 7 (I have had him for 2.5 years). I introduced the pup and my dog just a few days ago. They have been doing well together so far, though they are always supervised of course and are separated at night or when I have to go to work.

Its important to note that my pup is working on potty training using puppy pads and hasn’t touched grass yet (or really been outside). 

I am going to my parents’ house for Thanksgiving this week. My parents have two dogs and a large fenced in yard. My pup has had his first round of puppy shots (after which I introduced him to my dog). He will be getting his second round before I go to my parents’ house. 

My questions are, should I let him outside in their fenced in yard under supervision for a short amount of time (so he can touch grass and explore some) or should I keep him in the room I’ll be staying in, in isolation? Also, should I allow him to be introduced to my parents’ dogs? All of our dogs are up to date on shots and monthly flea/tick/work medications. I just don’t want to overwhelm the little guy and since this is my first puppy I wanted to ask. TIA"
1565,DogAdvice,OTC treatment for moist dermatitis in palliative dog,"Hi! 

My parents have an elderly shih tzu with heart failure, and while she's on medication for that, the plan is to let her go peacefully on her own time. Taking her to the vet upsets her so much that they just automatically refill her meds for her without visits, since the clinic doesn't do tele visits

She isn't fat but has this big fold on her butt, right above her tail, and from the smell and look of it, it seems to be moist dermatitis. While I'm visiting them, I'm gently drying the fold when I can, but I'm at a loss as to what kind of otc powder I can get for her. The vet won't prescribe anything without seeing her, I can't find anyone who will see a new patient over telehealth, and the only experience I have with this was resolved with Neo-Predef powder. 

She doesn't seem to be in pain, but I don't want it to get to the point where she is. Any advice?"
1566,DogAdvice,Is this type of play friendly? The neck stuff always makes me nervous so we give them a break when that happens but would love for it to completely stop,
1567,DogAdvice,"Interested in buying puppy, found out hes been taken away from mother early.","So I've had my heart set on this puppy from the moment I saw him, he's a pomchi currently 5 weeks.

Now I've been speaking to the breeders, and have found out he's been taken away from the mother early as she stopped producing milk.. I'm assuming around 4 weeks. He was given to them due to them owning the dad (the stud) which means puppy hasn't been completely alone and has had dad with him.

However, I am now very concerned.. this would be my first time owning a puppy and although I am going to do training I'm worried this may be a bad idea.

Is it likely he will have issues? He has been with dad"
1568,DogAdvice,Dog ear tip is bleeding,"Hello, 

My dog (1.5 year old hound mix) has had on/off scabbing on the tip of his ear for the past few months. At first, I dismissed it as a simple nip from another dog that he plays with, but it seems to reoccur in the same location on the same ear. He is not an outdoor dog, and is up to date on all his vaccines and heartworm + tick meds. 

The spot is small, about 4-5mm across, and bleeds occasionally. When it is scabbed over, it is a hard, crystal-like feeling that is noticeable. Additionally, my dog yelps a bit if I handle the scab. 

I cleaned it up with soap and water, and got these pics: https://imgur.com/a/jqBodtL

Any ideas what this could be? And, any ideas what could help? It seems to heal and go away, only to crop up again a few months later in the same spot. 

Thanks!"
1569,DogAdvice,How to start my dog in daycare?,"I have a 3 year lab/cattle dog mix. She is THE sweetest, kind, easygoing dog. However she doesn’t play fetch with any toy I tried, she doesn’t play with other toys she has, the two things she likes are dog parks (even then she is picky with the dogs there) or playing/running/walking with me. I usually walk her 3 miles a day and take her to the park for min an hour on top of that. However with winter coming up and daylight savings time, it’s now dark when we wake up and dark when I get home, I tried the dog park but there’s nobody there after sunset, and to top it off coyotes have been coming into the city and I’m scared to venture far in the dark. As it is, I can’t tire her and while she is a good girl and doesn’t destroy anything while I’m at work, I wanna make her as happy as possible and I see how full of energy she is on our walks.

So I finally caved in, did my research and found a good daycare. But I don’t know how to go about this. My dog and I have never been really apart, I occasionally ask friends to dogsit her but always at my place. She is very uncomfortable in new environments, twice we did sleepovers at a friend’s house and she was very agitated in the evening to go home, she even peed on the carpet and didn’t ‘speak to me’ the whole time. If we go on a day visit and I leave the room/house briefly (to go to the car for example) she barks and cries and tries her hardest to follow me. I know once she gets used to the daycare she’ll have a blast. As a puppy she had a lot of separation anxiety. So I don’t want to just take her to the daycare and leave her there and trigger something day 1. I don’t want her to feel abandoned. This is the primary reason I avoided daycares for the past 3 years. 

Any advice on how to go about this?"
1570,DogAdvice,Dog ate wrong medicine,"My 50 pound Australian Shepard takes 37.5mg of deramaxx daily. Well this morning while feeding her her medicine, my 16 Pound Boston ran in and ate it when she dropped it. Should I be concerned about this? That is a big weight difference and I know the medicine goes by weight."
1571,DogAdvice,My dog randomly stopped humping? Is this normal?,"Hi y’all! First time posting here. 

I have a 2.5 year old pug. Ever since the day we brought him home he’s “humped” normally once a day lol. He has a blanket that he likes to hump and he’s just always done it. Yes he still needs to be neutered, he’s never around other dogs but we still need to for health purposes. (I saw posts in a pug group about pugs somewhat commonly dying under anesthesia so I’m honestly just so scared.) Anyways, we went on a 4 day trip where we boarded him at the same place we always do, and he seems to do just fine there. Last time we picked him up, they told us he was humping his bed alot but this time they did not. We’ve now been back for 7 days and he has not humped his bed or blanket at all. Of course I suppose he could be doing it when I’m not home, but I’m home more often than not and he’s never seemed to desire the privacy before lol. All of his other behavior is normal (eating, peeing/pooping, playing etc) Obviously I’m not mad that this behavior has gone away, but I am worried and hoping it’s normal to just stop all of the sudden. My husband thinks I’m ridiculous for worrying but seeking some opinions. Thank you so much. 😊"
1572,DogAdvice,"Looking for general tips on how to resolve a situation with a neighbor, train my dog better, and know my rights with animal control.","Hello, so I have a 30lb dog that lives in an apartment complex. He is generally sweet and well behaved but he is a territorial barker and doesn’t really understand why so many people live right outside of our house. He has never attempted to bite anyone but he can sound very scary when he barks. He will pull on the leash and bark. We have has a few run ins with the next door neighbor and us leaving at the exact same time because our doors are 2 feet apart. 

Anyways she is fed up and scared of him even though he’s never done anything- she is claiming he’s tried to bite her on multiple occasions and reporting animal control because she claims we have no control over him. In my opinion this is just a straight up lie, but I could imagine how an aggressive sounding dog that we are holding on the leash might seem like he’s “trying to bite” when he’s pulling towards you. We have introduced them in the past and he always tries to hide behind us when she gets close. 

Regardless though, I want to be a better neighbor and curb my dogs excessive barking and territorial attitude because I’m aware it’s obnoxious as hell for everyone. Currently we do some treat training where we calmly sit him down and close his mouth and give a treat when he settles down, but it is not working fast enough. I think a muzzle is probably appropriate at this point if only for us to look better as far as taking action with the situation. I don’t think her accusations are fair, but I want to do more to be on the safe side. Has anyone dealt with any situations like this?"
1573,DogAdvice,What are some ways to care for dog with mast cell tumors?,"Hi all. I'm looking for advice from others who have had a dog with inoperable mast cell tumors. Back in June my dog (11) had surgery to remove one and it was a grade 3. Margins were clean and there was spread to one lymph which was also removed. Even after two different chemo medications, she's developed new tumors which aren't operable. She's not responding to chemo so we've decided to focus on her quality of life. The tumors haven't slowed her down. She still loves her walks, gets excited for dinner time, and wants to chase whatever little animals she sees in our yard. I want her to enjoy whatever time she has left. She's 11 after all. I'm working with my vet to keep her comfortable and happy. 

If you've had experience with this, what are some ways to care for a dog with this disease? My main concern is cleaning and caring for any ulcerated tumors. I know that my vet can advise me on this but I wanted to seek out advice and experiences from anyone who has gone through this.

Thank you!"
1574,DogAdvice,What should I do about my dog over the holidays?,"TL;DR leave my dog at an Airbnb close by, doggie daycare, or leave him at home but he’ll be alone for longer periods of time. 


Christmas is coming up and I’m still trying to figure out what would be the best way to take care of my dog while at family gatherings. Will be going to one family function on Christmas Eve, and another on Christmas Day. They are both close to each other, but far enough from my house that we will likely be staying over at my mom’s house for the two days.



My dog is quite well behaved when visiting other people, but can’t go to the Christmas Eve gathering because they have cats, and he can’t come to the Christmas Day because my sister has pretty bad allergies and a small baby, and is also scared of Coop a bit (he’s very sweet but very big and very hairy). I could probably fight to bring him but I don’t want my sister to be uncomfortable at Christmas.



Anyway, I’m not really sure what I’m going to do with my dog. He is really good 99% of the time, but will sometimes steal something and resource guard it, so I don’t feel comfortable leaving him at a daycare. We once got a friend to watch him for a week while we were on vacation and he was so bad, that my friend was literally scared of him and we had to get a family member pick him up midweek. (Had a different friend watch him once but that friend I guess was experienced with resource guarding so was able to handle it). But it seems like he acts up when he’s with unfamiliar people in an unfamiliar place. He usually is watched by my partners family when we go away (he grew up with them in that house so they never have any trouble) but they are going to be at the Christmas Eve gathering, and will have their own thing on Christmas Day. 



My mom has offered to watch him while we are away for Christmas Eve, but then I’ll still need to find somewhere for him to go on Christmas Day. 



Options are: I have booked a dog friendly Airbnb near my mom’s house that we could bring him to so we can easily go and visit / walk him a few times that day. Im just worried he will be really stressed in an unfamiliar house by himself and destroy something (he’s hasn’t had separation anxiety at our house). 



Or we leave him at our place and just go home each night but Coop will be by himself for two full days and I don’t think that’s really fair for him. 



There are also “doggie suites” in my mom’s area, sort of like a daycare, but alone. But you have to do a consultation as well as a “doggie daycare trial”, so we’d have to get that done before the holidays start. 



Ideally, my mom’s friend lives practically next door and we could potentially leave Coop there (she has a dog as well so it’s all dog proofed), but only if she is away for Christmas because while our dogs do get along, it’s still always a risk with two dogs in the same house. But it would be so nice if we could use her house because we could pop in and out super easily throughout the day and my family loves a Christmas walk. 



Does anyone have any advice, or tips? All is appreciated !!"
1575,DogAdvice,Slipped or possible ruptured disc,"Yelp of pain coupled with low and tentative mobility on Thursday, vet appointment on Friday couldn’t figure out what was wrong and we were sent home with anti inflammatory and pain meds. 
Went to emergency today as he was visibly distressed and vet immediately knew it was either a slipped or ruptured disc. Sent home with heavy pain meds and crating orders apart from toilet break every 4ish hours. 
If no improvement in 2-3 days he needs to have spinal surgery. 
I’m so scared, worried, paranoid and an emotional wreck. Has anyone been in a similar situation? Any happy stories? Please."
1576,DogAdvice,My dog (11 months old) cannot swim,"So let’s start this post off by saying I haven’t had her the whole time and was born during quarentine so had never left the house, so definitely had no idea how to even attempt swimming or what a beach was, but needless to say I was in the pool one day with said dog and carrying her to the edge just to test if she knew anything about swimming (which she didn’t, but was close to steps so it didn’t matter) and I let her go but was right next to her and she was moving her front legs but not back, and just ended up sinking, so any advice on how to help her how to swim?"
1577,DogAdvice,"Found a freezing pup outside, now what?","Last night around 1:30am, my friend and I found a pup wandering around outside, freezing cold, without a collar. We got her inside, fed and watered, a nice warm bath, and lots of pets and attention. She’s curled up, sleeping cozily now. 

I’ve never had a dog before… the largest animal I’ve had is a cat… and I don’t want to mess things up. So… help? 

I plan to take her to the vet tomorrow for a check up, and to see if she has one of those scanner ID chips implanted. If not, I’ll post flyers around my neighborhood to see if anyone is missing her. 

She was terrified, starving, and smelled like stale urine when we found her. And she’s got a kind of rust-colored rash under her neck where a collar should’ve been. She hasn’t really made any noise, and is incredibly sweet. She stopped shaking from fear after the bath, and even managed to have some playful tippy taps when she met my cat (who is not amused). 

No idea what breed she is… see the Imgur album below. 

Thank you for any help you lovely folks are willing to provide! 

https://imgur.com/a/4rLcS2I"
1578,DogAdvice,9 year old pomchi now has a bald spot,"Hi! A few months ago I had my dog groomed, and noticed she was then scratching a bit more often, I attributed this to the shampoo, and did some treatments as she has dry skin. She got wrapped up in my shirt a few nights ago, so I started looking at her back in an attempt to detangle her, and noticed this tiny bald spot forming. She’s not scratching the affected area, but she is licking it. Behavior is normal otherwise with no issues eating or drinking. Is there anything I can do to provide her some relief and prevent her from licking the area and irritating it further?"
1579,DogAdvice,"Dog paw lump from litel and white to big and red. Vet appointment scheduled, what might it be?",
1580,DogAdvice,Introducing new puppy (4 mos) to my dog (5 y/o),"We brought a puppy home during the first week of November. She's a Shih Tzu who came from a kennel, before being brought to the province where we went to get her. We decided to bring our 5 y/o dog (who's a Shih Tzu too) so they can meet at a neutral place. 

At home, the puppy often bumps into our Shih Tzu, runs towards her, and signals that she wants to play. Our Shih Tzu always runs away and asks my mom to carry her away from the puppy. Sometimes she goes up to my parents' room and hides just so the puppy won't find her. Do you have any tips on how they can get along better and how we can get our Shih Tzu to warm up to the puppy?"
1581,DogAdvice,"I got this from the Livestock section of my pet supply store. Biggest recommendation for a boofy doofus. It tastes bad so no licking and it is antiseptic so we don't need to worry about running to te vet over every minor cut or scratch. She does not like it, but accepts in exchange for chicken feet.",
1582,DogAdvice,Doggie therapy?,"I recently adopted a dog. She’s a 4 year old boxer, bulldog mix and she’s just the sweetest dog on the planet and she’s already so comfortable in my home. She showed absolutely no signs of abuse until today. My boyfriend found a switch blade earlier that day. We we’re standing in the kitchen while he was cleaning and fixing the faulty button that would release the blade. He got it working and the blade popped out. This poor dog went from laying contently on the ground to staring and the blade. She sat and looked at it for a minute before getting up, peeing herself, then hiding behind the table. She was still staring at us while I took the knife and threw it away. I went to get paper towels to clean the pee and when I turned she had her tail tucked, licking the urine. Of course she didn’t get in trouble for doing this. I kept saying in a gentle voice “what’s wrong?” so she didn’t feel like she did something bad. She is fully house broken and has always scratched at the door when she needs to go out. I had my boyfriend lead her to another room while I cleaned so she didn’t lick it anymore. This was extremely heart breaking to see. She’s such a sweet gentle dog. It there anything I can do to help heal this poor babies traumatic past?"
1583,DogAdvice,a doggie got hurt,"i dog sit at my home every now and then as a side hustle. i’ve recently started because i just moved into a home with a fenced in backyard. i have pet sitting insurance that i recently acquired as well. 
i’m watching my friends 2 dogs, 1 of which has known my dog for many years and they have played together a few times in the past. she asked me to watch her dogs while she goes out of town for holiday. 
earlier, i was supervising them in the backyard. they all have a similar energy level and play pretty rough. they were rolling around on top of each other, and suddenly one is bleeding profusely and i can’t tell from where. nothing malicious happened at all. turns out, the tip of the one dogs ear was cut, maybe from a nail or a tooth that was flailing around (like i said there was no malicious chomping action). dog ears are all veins and capillaries so the bleeding is intense and never ending. at first when i cleaned her up it was just a little nick, not even a CM long. she continued to fuss with it and shake her head every time i tried to clean it, thus opening it more, and eventually splitting it. i bought things to slow the bleeding and wrap it up, and put a cone on her. i’m taking her to the vet first thing in the morning and it’s going to cost me around $300. she’s not in any pain, seemingly, but i feel terrible. this has never happened before and it was a freak accident. i have kept the owner informed and she isn’t upset with me at all, she knows her dogs play rough and she mentioned she was surprised they hadn’t hurt each other before. 
is there anything i’m missing here that i need to do? will my pet sitting insurance reimburse me for the vet fees?"
1584,DogAdvice,Dog at 3 chocholate chip cookies,Im taking her to the vet tomorrow but my mom is freaking out. Is there anything else I should do
1585,DogAdvice,Four year old dog suddenly acting out?,"
We have a four year old Shiba Inu named Chai. We have had him since he was 8 weeks old, and he is generally a very good boy. Of course, being a shiba, he has his ‘quirks,’ but when it comes to training and behavior, he has been a very good boy for four years now. 

He has also usually shown to be very adaptable. We have moved a couple of times since we got him, and he has also adapted through a lot of job/routine changing. He has always readjusted extremely quickly and well, honestly he’s really a trooper. 

But, out of nowhere ( for him ), he’s starting to act out. I’d like to ask you all to keep open and understanding minds as you read this! And know that I have years of experience with dog owning and training, and I know ‘objective’ solutions for some of the issues we’re having — im just a little stressed and overwhelmed and wondering if anyone has any constructive insight!

We recently moved again, about two months ago now. And in fact, the place we moved into provides a much nicer situation for Chai. And as he usually does, he adjusted very very quickly to the new place! He was doing amazing. 

Until I started my new job, about three weeks ago. Before this, I worked a full time job, and Chai was very used to being in a crate when I was at work — my new job is no different. 

But since the very first night after starting my new job, Chai has been whining in his crate. He has /never/, truly never, done that before. Not even a couple years ago when our life was extremely unstable and we had almost no routine. Now, we are stable, and we do have routine — but Chai seems to have almost regressed? 

Since my fiancé is at home most of the time, Chai pretty much only has to be crated at night. I wait until the last possible minute before I go to bed to put him in there, giving him as much time outside of the crate as I can. He usually doesn’t go to bed til at least 1 am. I’ll even stay up later than I should just for his sake, since he suddenly hates being in there so much. He whines immediately when he goes in, and goes on for about an hour or so. And then, he whines again at like five in the morning, and continues to do so off and on until I get up. 

I’ve tried getting up to let him go potty, and then locking him back up, and he’ll keep whining, so I know that isn’t the problem. 

And again, this only started when I started working again. For the first month in the new house, he didn’t make a peep in his crate, no fuss whatsoever — which is his normal. But now he’s not only keeping himself awake with the whining, but he’s disturbing our sleep too, and I work a very mentally and physically exhausting job — needless to say, I’m definitely getting frustrated and confused. And very tired lol. 

Today, he has absolutely blown my mind with a new ‘regression.’ We use the Place command for him for when we aren’t able to supervise him — if one of us is nearby and can keep sort of an eye on him, he does as he pleases. But when we’re preoccupied and in a different part of the house, we put him on Place. Just like with his crate, he has always been an extremely good boy for years about this. He has always seemed to even enjoy the routine, he gets excited to go on Place and he loves to curl up and snooze. 

But today, he has broken Place /four/ times in a row. The first time I wrote off as a fluke, thought maybe he needed to pee, but I still put him back on Place and released him myself, let him outside for a while, and then put him back. 

A few minutes later, I heard the clicking of his claws on the floor, and I was a little flabbergasted. He really /never/ does this. I put him back on Place. 

This has happened two more times. He doesn’t seem to be attempting to do anything specific when he gets up, like he isn’t going to the door to get out, he isn’t sniffing around the kitchen like he does when he’s hungry. He’s just trotting around or lying on the couch or something aimless. 

I know I’ve rambled on, and I know, being a dog group, people will have some most likely strong, owner-attacking opinions 💚 ( I’ve worked with dogs and dog people for over ten years, and I know how dog people are — especially on the internet! ) I just ask, again, that you guys try to understand that I know my dog, I know how to work with dogs, and I know logical solutions to these problems. I’m just struggling to understand where they’re coming from. I have never ever expected a ‘perfect’ dog, there’s no such thing, and I’ve always been very understanding of the misbehaviors he has normally has throughout his life. But these new things, his very sudden crate training and place training regressions, are important things and they’re very tiring. If this were a new dog, or a dog I didn’t know, or a dog who I know has had bad experiences with these things ( etc ), it would make a lot more sense to me. But Chai has only ever known crate and place training, and if anything, those two routines have been the more consistently stable things that he knows!"
1586,DogAdvice,"Painful back paws, Shiba Inu",
1587,DogAdvice,Looking for the best dogs suited for an apartment! Thank you,
1588,DogAdvice,I have a 12 year old diabetic pug and just need any help moving forward for his health and well being. Anything i can research or any advice is welcomed. Ive had him since he was born. I just want the rest of his days as comfortable as possible. #doglove #veterinarian #vet #foryoupage,
1589,DogAdvice,What is this skin affliction? 13 y/o shitzu,
1590,DogAdvice,Cyst on paw? Advice.,"- epsom salt soaking doesn’t work
- limps, but still able to walk"
1591,DogAdvice,Weimaraner foot problem,
1592,DogAdvice,Puppy won’t eat,"Hi guys. I have a puppy who when she was little 2-3 months would eat like her life depends on it and now at 7 months I have to beg and barter for her to finish even a quarter of her daily serving size. She’s been to the vet regularly and she’s fine, just uninterested. Does it just taste bad? Am I spoiling her too much?"
1593,DogAdvice,Just need to vent,"This is Mabel. We agreed to foster her a week ago (our third dog, first time fostering). We think she was born on the streets, pregnant and delivered puppies a couple of months ago. LOVES people and other dogs. All good.

But she is extremely needy. Likes to jump on us to get attention. Regardless of what we're doing at the moment. She also playfully nips at our feet, shoes and sometimes arms. She's intense. 

The trainer suggested this wire pen and it's been pretty useful. The idea is to keep her settled in one place during times we can't play with her. She goes in willingly but whines once whatever treat we lured her in with is finished.

I feel for her and care for her, but she's EXHAUSTING. Hoping we eventually alter her behavior enough so that either we can keep her or get her placed in a loving home."
1594,DogAdvice,Is it normal for a groomer to buzz the hair off the testicles? This was only my second time going to the groomer and they didn’t do this last time. They buzzed so close they look raw. Is this ok or am I right to be upset?,
1595,DogAdvice,dog being aggressive ever since little sister arrived.,"we have had my rottweiler(rocky) for around 4 and a half years now and recently my little sister was born. ever since shes been in the house he hasnt taken to her at all, he always barks at her bares his teeth to her, marks on all her stuff and sometimes nips her hands when she gets too close and he even steals her food but he doesnt do that to anyone else. but today he really bit her, she was playing with her toys near the gate which he was on the other side of and one of her toys fell through, and when she tried to get it back he bit at her hand and her hand went all red and she was crying, i have never seen her cry like that unless she is seriously hurt. no skin was broken but she has never even touched him or harmed him in any way so i dont know why he would react this way, he is also rather aggressive to me sometimes when i have food in my hands and barks and growls when i am running around with my little sister and entertaining her. my mother refuses to even get him training even though he is so aggressive and untrained and i am sick of him biting me and my sister and barking every time the neighbours go out, sometimes he barks non stop all night when i have school in the morning and its starting to seriously get in ny nerves. please i just need some advice on what to do."
1596,DogAdvice,Are these things I should develop a training plan for?,"I've only had experience with an extremely reactive dog so I want to make sure I'm not overkill for this pup. And learn the difference between ""eh this is a minor issue I shouldn't micromanage"" and ""this is a real issue that should be tackled proactively."" 

We go on solo walks all the time and I introduce her to other people and other dogs. She's a little nervous around dogs but LOVES people. But sometimes she'll see (not meet) one person and just decide she doesn't like them. She doesn't pull or lunge. Just a clear sort of ""stay away from me"" bark. But it's so rare. Not even once a day that I'm confused on how to handle it. It's not even the same look, race, gender or clothing that sets her off though they trend more towards elderly women. And not even the same person every time. I've kinda of just let it slide as far as training. I apologize and we'll move to the side to let that person go through. Dogs are beings too right? They're gonna just not like someone sometimes like I do. But because she locks onto that person she doesn't like, it spooks them a bit. She'll do her one warning barking and then as they walk past she'll bark a 2-3 time more if I don't redirect her. Again, no lunging or anything. I often use treats to break her attention. But is that the best option? Because I am unsure how I can decrease her random, yet infrequent reactivity and make her more comfortable.

Final thing is her ""confirmation"" barking. She's otherwise very quiet and I live in an apartment. She sleeps in the bed with me and when I give her the command to come up to the bed at night, she does a single loud bark and comes over. Like a ""okay I hear you."" or ""On my way!"" thing. I'm worried it may wake up the neighbor in the middle of the night. During the day she doesn't confirmation bark like that. I don't get it. What are your thoughts on handling that?"
1597,DogAdvice,Bee sting? Spider bite?,"Two and a half year old female black lab ... phone call to her vet suggested an e-colar for a few days.

Bee sting, big bite, maybe?"
1598,DogAdvice,Nee sting? Spider bite?,"Two and a half year old female black lab ... phone call to her vet suggested an e-colar for a few days.

Bee sting, maybe?"
1599,DogAdvice,How do I curve this behavior,If anyone could help me curve this behavior I would really appreciate if anyone could help he charges on site but he is very friendly
1600,DogAdvice,Dog is weirdly aggressive,My dog has been with us for 3 weeks he is super friendly twords people and other dogs when me or my girlfriend are around when someone walks by in the house he will charge at them and then when that person Sudues my dog he is able to pet him and he’s very friendly how do I get this behavior to stop he’s a great dog he also shakes when this happens so I know it’s a fear response
1601,DogAdvice,"Abused Dog, AC Won’t Help","There is a very large family around the corner from my daughter’s house that got a large breed puppy about 6 months ago. From the day they brought the dog home, it has been locked alone in an outdoor enclosure. He/she is never taken out of this 6’x6’ enclosure. One side is chain link, and it is covered by a roof but still exposed to the elements due to the chain link side. 

My daughter and her GF tried speaking to the family there, but a language barrier prevented any meaningful dialogue, and they were eventually told to leave. They then called animal control, who came out and checked on the dog, and then told my daughter that because the dog had food, water, and shelter, and was not chained for extended periods of time that there was nothing they could do. 

I’ve walked past this poor animal while walking my daughter’s dog and it breaks my heart. He/she whines piteously and claws endlessly at the cement beneath the chain link gate. 

I have moved on to considering other options to liberate this dog. What is the right thing to do here, morally? The dog is well-fed and hydrated, it’s coat is clean and nails trimmed. However, mentally I am certain the dog is in unbearable anguish. It hurts me physically and I don’t know what to do. My daughter and her GF have started walking their dog in other parts of the neighborhood because passing this animal is too painful. 

What is the moral option here? How can I help this dog? We are in WA state if that helps."
1602,DogAdvice,How to correct my dog when she charges and barks at people.," Hi  everyone. I have a two-year-old lab. She's a wonderful dog. She was a  joy to train and i feel that I have very clear lines of communication  with her. She has a very balanced temperament (even though she was a  little timid in her first year) and handles 98 percent of interactions,  both with humans and dogs, very well. She has never bitten or shown  signs of aggression in any form other than what i describe below. She  also has a pretty rock solid recall. All in all, a very well-behaved and  good-natured lab. Not untypical.

However, lately a problem has emerged and i don't really understand what causing it or what to do about it when it happens.

I  should say firstly for context that i'm from the UK and this happens  while off lead in the park. In UK parks, it's generally permitted and  understood that dogs will be off lead. There are very few dog specific  parks. The park in question is very, very large.

In  short - Very occasionally, she will charge and bark at people. I know  that she would never attack, but of course the people on the receiving  end do not. She has a pretty scary bark and when she bares her teeth I  appreciate that she could be pretty frightening. She will charge and  stop 5 feet from them, take the space, hackles up and intensely bark a  few times and then return to me. It strikes me very much as 'get away  from us!'. When it happens, she ignores her 'Stop' command (which  usually makes her stop and sit immediately) and ignores her recall  command. This usually all happens in 5 seconds or so.

I've  noticed a few common triggers - People who are concealed and then  reveal themselves, for example, from behind a tree. Also people who are  behaving erratically. Occasionally (and hugely embarrassingly) people  whose faces are covered with veils. It also happens when people have bad  energies. For example, sometime i will spot someone a little physically  intimidating or something walking towards us and even though i don't   change my behaviour or signal my nervousness to her, she picks out the  same person and barks.

I think  there is a logic to it from her perspective. It seems pretty defensive  in nature. However, in my book, this is unacceptable and there is no  excuse. Especially to ignore her stop and recall commands.

Do any of you guys have any thoughts on what this new behaviour might be about and how to best deal with it when it occurs?

Thanks so much.

(edit - Happy to answer any questions in the comments)

#"
1603,DogAdvice,How to correct my dog when she charges and barks at people.," Hi  everyone. I have a two-year-old lab. She's a wonderful dog. She was a  joy to train and i feel that I have very clear lines of communication  with her. She has a very balanced temperament (even though she was a  little timid in her first year) and handles 98 percent of interactions,  both with humans and dogs, very well. She has never bitten or shown  signs of aggression in any form other than what i describe below. She  also has a pretty rock solid recall. All in all, a very well-behaved and  good-natured lab. Not untypical.

However, lately a problem has emerged and i don't really understand what causing it or what to do about it when it happens.

I  should say firstly for context that i'm from the UK and this happens  while off lead in the park. In UK parks, it's generally permitted and  understood that dogs will be off lead. There are very few dog specific  parks. The park in question is very, very large.

In  short - Very occasionally, she will charge and bark at people. I know  that she would never attack, but of course the people on the receiving  end do not. She has a pretty scary bark and when she bares her teeth I  appreciate that she could be pretty frightening. She will charge and  stop 5 feet from them, take the space, hackles up and intensely bark a  few times and then return to me. It strikes me very much as 'get away  from us!'. When it happens, she ignores her 'Stop' command (which  usually makes her stop and sit immediately) and ignores her recall  command. This usually all happens in 5 seconds or so.

I've  noticed a few common triggers - People who are concealed and then  reveal themselves, for example, from behind a tree. Also people who are  behaving erratically. Occasionally (and hugely embarrassingly) people  whose faces are covered with veils. It also happens when people have bad  energies. For example, sometime i will spot someone a little physically  intimidating or something walking towards us and even though i don't   change my behaviour or signal my nervousness to her, she picks out the  same person and barks.

I think  there is a logic to it from her perspective. It seems pretty defensive  in nature. However, in my book, this is unacceptable and there is no  excuse. Especially to ignore her stop and recall commands.

Do any of you guys have any thoughts on what this new behaviour might be about and how to best deal with it when it occurs?

Thanks so much.

(edit - Happy to answer any questions in the comments)"
1604,DogAdvice,Can this be food allergies.red around mouth ?( vet on Tuesday marked already .),
1605,DogAdvice,Is it normal for chihuahuas to have breathing problems?,"I had my 2yr old chihuahua checked from the vet, her cbc and xray all normal. But she constantly wheezes, reverse sneeze at night, snores, and she can't properly bark without coughing."
1606,DogAdvice,"How do I tell my dog, I don't know how to help him","I don't know exactly what's wrong with him, but I can tell he's not whining for the usual reasons. He's desperate and he's doing so much to try and get me to see him. Yet it seems like no matter how much I reassure him or notice him, it doesn't take long for him to get back to his usual tricks.

He's probably in pain or has an infection and the closest vet is closed until probably tuesday? So I can't figure out exactly what's wrong.

I just hate to see him like this. He's really trying. This is a serious problem. How do I tell him that I just can't solve his problem right now?"
1607,DogAdvice,Are antlers/hard bones bad for dogs teeth?,Are harder bones such as antlers or no split type bones (ex. Benebone) bad for my dogs teeth?
1608,DogAdvice,Should I be socializing my 2mo and 2yo old? 2mo bites too much.,"Recently got a 2month old golden retriever, I have a 2 year old Bichon who is admittedly not socialized but is other wise very well behaved save for some of the basic commands we just never taught her. 

2 year old has never dealt with other pups besides her littermates, obviously. I don't know what her relationship was like with her mom or the backyard breeders we got her from.


2 month old comes from what seemed to be reputable breeders, they checked off most of the ""ethical breeder"" checklist. The breeder warned us that Golden is ""anti-social"" and likes to have her own space. She seemed worried we wouldn't like that and really encouraged us to get the other pup. 


Personally, I don't see any insecurity or aggressive habits in this new puppy. She is just a typical puppy with shark teeth and learning boundaries. She is quiet ""introverted"" , however, and regularly get irritated with our Bichon being too close. 


Bichon is usually high energy during playtime, darts around and wants to go hard. So for a while we had to remove *her* because she was overwhelming pup. 

Now, it's the Golden we have to keep separated from Bichon because all she wants to do is *bite*. My Bichon has completely kept a distance, sits with my husband or in another corner and is incredibly tolerant of Golden when she does get a hold of her tail or lip. 



They do want to play at times. But I feel like I can't let them because Bichon will just get bitten. It's like the first thing my Golden wants to do.. and I don't know that my Bichon has it in her to ""correct"" or teach bite inhibition because I can't let them play for longer than two seconds. 

My Bichon has actually gotten an *eye* infection because Golden always goes for the eyes.


Like, I don't think I can let them even sniff each other unless they are about to go to sleep. 

Am I hindering behavioral development and their relationship if I keep them separated at all times? My Bichon wouldn't hurt the Golden, I'm worried she'll lose an eye. 

I do try to play with Bichon separately but she is just SO obsessed with Golden that she won't play with me. 

What could I be doing wrong here? Should I just keep them separated until pup is older? 

Also, any YT videos or resources on how to acquaint new siblings and facilitate boundaries would be appreciated."
1609,DogAdvice,"Picky 18 year old chihuahua not interested in food. I feel like i have tried everything. Homecooked, raw, canned, rotisserie chicken etc etc. She will eat a few bites and then isn’t interested anymore. Anyone have any advice or tips that have helped them?",
1610,DogAdvice,"Does my puppy need a haircut? I’ve realized I have no idea what I’m doing grooming wise. He’s a mix but obviously has some wire haired/terrier in him, how do I care for his coat? Is his fur growing in front of his eyes annoying for him? Can I cut it or should I take him to a pro? TIA for any advice!",
1611,DogAdvice,Anyone know what this spot is? Vet said it was either a bug bite or allergy. Gave us mupirocin ointment to treat but he got another spot somewhere else so just wondering what could be causing it.,
1612,DogAdvice,Severe separation issues. What can I do?,
1613,DogAdvice,Biting,Can puppies grow out of  biting? And how do you train them not to?
1614,DogAdvice,Dog has been acting weird (Don’t be rude).,"So yesterday morning my dog poop on the floor near the door. He knows and is trained to ring this bell on the door when he has to go. Then this morning when I woke up I saw that he peed and pooped near the door.. Then while i was in the shower he peed AGAIN on his bed. This is very odd behavior, I am a little worried. He’s been eating, drinking and sleeping (acting normal). I don’t know if i’m just over thinking but i don’t know. Last night he also started this thing with his mouth, like it was something bothering him. Almost if you got a piece of food stuck in your braces. He just kept trying to get something out, moving his tongue around oddly and even tried using his paw to get “it” out. Not sure if it’s a coincidence or really something. What’s going on? Or what possibly could be going on?? Should I take him to the vet?"
1615,DogAdvice,Crate trained. Winston's room..when the house gets busy.,
1616,DogAdvice,Post-op amputation rescue,"Hello all. Yesterday, my wife and I brought home a foster-to-adopt rescue. She is an 8-10 month old Anatolian Shepard who is 16 days post-op single rear leg amputation. She was found as a stray and transferred to the local SPCA where they determined her rear leg injury was irreparable and required amputation at the hip. We were told that they also performed a Spay procedure prior to the amputation. They did not send us home with any pain medication for her which I found odd, as I can only imagine she is still hurting. We did get Trazedone but from my understanding, that has no pain-killing effect and only serves to keep her calm. She has displayed anywhere from mild to moderate aggression towards my wife and one of our other dogs. All were seemingly random woth no common themes as to what would cause it. My wife tried adjusting her e-collar prior to bed and she gave a defensive bark and a attempted snap. That was the worse aggression display thus far with the other being mild towards my other dog. He will be minding his own business and she will start quietly growling as if she's just annoyed he's there. She has yet to show any aggression towards me or our other, oldest dog. 
My question is, do you think this is because she is in pain still? I can only imagine so but this is our first time having any issues with an adoption or foster process."
1617,DogAdvice,My Dog Isn’t Allowed Inside. It’s 47 degrees.,I don’t know what to do at this point. My dog has an igloo in the backyard but that’s not enough to keep her warm. My parents see her whining and shivering and jumping on the door/ scratching the door but they don’t care and they won’t let her inside. She’s a medium sized dog and I feel so horrible that she has to be outside in this cold weather. Is there anything I can do? I ask them if I can keep her in the garage and they even say no to that.
1618,DogAdvice,"How is this walking schedule for a medium sized, lazyish dog?","4:30 am - outside to just pee/eat after

5:30 am - 30 minute walk around neighborhood

3:30 pm - outside to just pee and go to our apartment’s dog park for about 15 minutes

5:30 pm - 30 minute walk, different route from morning route usually

9:30 pm - pee outside before sleeping

He is a medium sized dog, kinda like a corgi sized. He is lazy but does like his time outside. I’m not sure if I should increase his walking time, we have been reintroducing walking to him since he had a spinal injury a month ago. Vet gave us the okay and he has been fine with his walks, just wondering if I should give him longer walks."
1619,DogAdvice,My dog has a cone shaped head and neck and we cant keep her collar on,"I've tried to get a good photo of the issue. The problem is she is a healthy weight. She is a corgi mix so she is naturally thick. Her head is small and her neck is wider than her head. I would really have to choke her to keep her collar on. Im not worried about taking her outside. She wears a harness she can't escape from but i am worried that one day she will accidentally run out the front door and her collsr wont stay on and no one will be able to identify her.

I am hoping someone will be able to help me keep her in a collar. She never intentionally tries to get it ofd but every once in a while it comes off. Ill just come home and the dog will be naked."
1620,DogAdvice,Christmas with a dog that loves to eat paper!,Anyone have a solution for me? I’m so scared we will spend our Christmas chasing him for wrapping paper and tissue paper!!
1621,DogAdvice,"Dog just had splenectomy few days ago, are gums looking good?","&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/fad5zhmur41a1.jpg?width=3024&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=53d8c4665b02d4b2281cdb7f33acd0d241e88a69"
1622,DogAdvice,Does anyone know what this red spot on dogs lip is? Doesn’t seem to hurt or bother her except she’s licking her legs a lot.,
1623,DogAdvice,Questions about playing rough and neck safety,"Some context about my dog Buttercup who is the predominant cause for this post; she's a Pitbull-Boxer mix with some other stuff in there somewhere, about 6~7yrs old, and the sweetest dog ever when it comes to people, other dogs, and cats. We've had her since she was 2yrs old and she was a mommy before we adopted her.

Her favorite game is playing Tug of War, especially when you get competitive and make her fight for it and play keep away. Ever since I've started playing Tug with her, (when I was 14 and we had just gotten her) to this day, I've slowly become more and more rough and competitive when playing with her. I don't mean that as in being mean to her, but rather, making it harder for her to ""win"" and play fighting. While playing, I'll frequently shove her around, pick her up and swing her via her holding onto the toy, and get her in face growling and wrestling with her. She has never ever intentionally HURT me while playing like this, only nipped at my hand accidentally or lightly (didn't break skin or truly BITE me) when I really deserved it.

I wanted to make this post because I'm wondering if it's safe to play with her like this. Soon as we stop playing, she'll be sweet and gentle as always, and she seems to genuinely enjoy the rough housing and competition. But is there any chance playing with her like this could be teaching her to be aggressive, even when it seems like she's having fun and still sweet as always? And I'm also concerned if there's any chance giving her a tough time and doing stuff like swinging her up into the air while she holds onto the toy has any chance of causing any serious harm to her neck, teeth or spine. I love playing rough with her and me and her both seem to genuinely enjoy it, but if it might hurt her or cause her to become aggressive I'd like to tone it down.

TLDR; I play rough with my Pitbull-Boxer and she seems to have fun and remain the sweetest dog ever, but I want to ask if it's bad to do this and if it could possibly injure her."
1624,DogAdvice,"PetSafe Stay &amp; Play Compact Wireless Pet Fence for Dogs &amp; Cats, Waterproof &amp; Rechargeable Receiver Collar, Covers Up to 3/4 Acre for Pets 5 lb+ from Parent Company of Invisible Fence Brand.if you want to buy this product link given in comments",
1625,DogAdvice,Irritable skin in ears/groin/between paw pads. He had really bad ears at one point and had a course of steroids/food changed which helped no end. It’s crept back in though not as bad. Any recommendations? Thanks,
1626,DogAdvice,puppy having accidents help!,"
So I have a 6mo puppy. Potty training of course was one of the first things I trained her . She did amazing she only had one accident in the house and by the third day of having her she was running to door when she had to go out. Now it’s like she forgot everything. she’s peed in the house (after just being let outside) she’s pooped in the house 3 times I don’t know what is going on! She just got spayed 11 days ago and is healthy. Im not sure if it is that regression age since she’s at 6 months. But please help! And it’s not every time she will still whine at the door when she needs to potty but not every time. and the times where she pooped in the house She had just went outside and didn’t give me any warning that she needed to go back out. thank you!"
1627,DogAdvice,6mo pup having accidents,
1628,DogAdvice,HELP. How to I patch this until we get to the vet tomorrow?,
1629,DogAdvice,Has anyone used Gallant?,"If you don’t know it’s stem cell banking for your cat,dog and i think now horses. The most common approach is to use the discarded tissue from when they get spayed/neutered then the vet sends it to the company where they extract the stems cells then freeze them for use later on for health conditions that may arise. Instead of using medications to ease symptoms the stem cells may be able to repair whatever is going wrong. 

[Gallant](https://gallant.com/pricing/)"
1630,DogAdvice,"My dog Kadabra is a 5 year old siberian husky. I noticed today his gums/lips look more pale than I ever remember seeing, but maybe I’ve just never noticed? He is eating and drinking normal, no vomiting or diarrhea. Do you guys think these look normal?",
1631,DogAdvice,freezing bland diet?,"I’ve asked the medical coordinator a million questions already so I’m coming here first. I don’t see anything wrong with what I did but I probably should’ve asked first. 


My foster is on bland diet for diarrhea from parvo/meds so i’m doing boiled chicken and rice, absolutely no salt or seasonings. 


I took her food bowl, put in the chicken and rice, added some of the water from the chicken and froze it. She’s been eating so fast I’m afraid of her puking so I figured this was a good way to slow her down. 


does this affect the bland diet at all? i might sound stupid but i want the best for the little one."
1632,DogAdvice,Dog Coat Help,Does anyone know of a brand of dog blanket/coat that is fully adjustable (looks more like a horse blanket) and also has a slit along the back for a leash? I moved two FL dogs to snow country NY so they are cold but I can’t find what I need anywhere and my back yard isn’t fenced yet so they have to go out on their harness still. I have an awesome Rambo dog blanket I wish I could use but no leash access.
1633,DogAdvice,Dog eating seed pods,"My 2.5 y/o Aussie seems to be eating seed pods. And they are messing up his gut. We’ve been to emergency vet after he started vomiting. He got better with meds and special food. We thought it was isolated incident but he threw up a big clump of them yesterday.

We hike a lot on trails is wooded parks. Sometimes he gets these in his fur and I have to get them off. Otherwise he chews at them. Our house has natural wooded areas he uses to do his business. I think he sees these pods and thinks they’re treats or something. I have been observing him and see him nip at a plant and then chewing. He’s so fast! I’ve yet to see him actually eat one for sure. In fact I don’t see these pods on plants. 

We’ve started keeping him on a tighter leash and away from deeper brush.

Is this a thing? Any advice? Hoping it’s seasonal."
1634,DogAdvice,Best way to avoid random dogs?,"So this morning at 6 am I took my Pomeranian out for a little bathroom break to my backyard when suddenly a random pit bull who somehow got into the backyard jumped at my little baby and tried to attack him but backed down when he saw my face. I was too scared to do anything else but grab my pom and run outside. Luckily my dog was untouched, all I remember is that the pit bull had a blue collar on. Where it came from I have no idea. 

I’m just angry and scared to know that my own home isn’t safe from someone’s random dog in my own backyard. I been thinking that I should first go outside and check behind stuff like trees and cars to see if there’s a hidden dog before I let my dog do his thing. My neighbor just has so many owners who let their dog go loose that I have to be the one to overcompensate. 

This makes me worried so much."
1635,DogAdvice,Can I do anything to help my dog grow her winter coat fast?,
1636,DogAdvice,does this spay incision look OK?,
1637,DogAdvice,Socialised dogs as puppies regress to being very defensive around new dogs,"Hey guys, 
I have two dogs of working breed. I have had them since they were 3 months old and raised them to be very social at the dog park. They did well socially but earlier this year they spent about 6 months with my dad's dog who would chew them up and bully them. Since getting them back, they are very quick to snap if other dogs get into their face and try to bite strangers patting them on the lead.

These are behaviours they didn't used to display. I think they've experienced trauma and I want to help them get comfortable with greeting new dogs again. 

So far I've tried taking them to the dog park without the ball so they're forced to be social but it didn't have an effect after two weeks. Does anyone have any advice?"
1638,DogAdvice,How hard work is a puppy?,"Me and my boyfriend really want a puppy and we have been doing a lot of research on the breed we are considering. My boyfriend has experience with puppies growing up but I’ve only ever been around trained adult dogs. People say having a puppy is like having a baby, you’ll loose sleep and it’ll be hard work. We are fully prepared to give this puppy or all love and attention, I’m 26 and he is 29, no children and work from home. But how hard is a puppy and what advise do you guys have?"
1639,DogAdvice,Extremely reactive/anxious dog - feel like I’m running out of options. Please help!,"Apologies for the long post. My dog (14 month old Romanian rescue) is constantly over threshold when outside, as in he will bark at nothing, whine, lunge and growl on a constant basis. He’s aggressive towards dogs and people. No aggression issues with visitors to the home. Generally speaking, he’s content in the home (apart from barking). I’m not exaggerating when I say he will spin and bark at the top of his lungs at nothing. I understand he will smell things I can’t but this is 80% of the time outside. 

Neurological condition: I got him at 6 months old but was unaware he was suffering from a spinal subluxation - before the vets thought attacks were “anxiety” - he was hospitalised, had spinal surgery, crate rested for three months. I’ve taught him to walk and do all of his basic functions again. Last month he was discharged from the neurologist and physiotherapist. No brain damage has occurred, only neurological deficit is his mild ataxia. 50% of the time I’ve had him he’s not been allowed outside. 

I’ve worked with a trainer and two behaviourists and have seen zero improvement. In fact, due to spending most of his time inside as he will immediately freak out, he’s worse. Both say he can’t meet other dogs without using graded exposure, but have people had success muzzling their dog and letting them meet a calm dog? He used to live with dogs in Romania but now he can’t see/smell one without wanting to kill it. 

Medication: is on gabapentin and fluoxetine, no change from either. Vet wants to prescribe trazodone but has admitted they have no idea. Seems weird to me because he’s ataxic. I live in UK and have been told Zoloft is seldom used. We use diazepam occasionally but limited impact. Do people have positive experiences with Zoloft ? Considering a veterinary behaviourist but we’ve spent over £15,000 on vet bills. It’s absurd.

I’m attempting to contact other behaviourists but all say the same thing: do gradual graded exposure. Yes, in theory that’s great, but there’s no starting point. The others suggest using a muzzle to shut his mouth so he can’t bark and then click train (wtf is wrong with people) or using a collar for corrections. He can’t use a collar due to his surgical implant. 

If positive behaviourists don’t help, medication so far hasn’t helped and my vet/current behaviourist don’t know what to do, what is left? 

I live next to the beach so it’s a challenging area to control due to dog/foot traffic. I currently attempt training at stupid hours of the day in an attempt to avoid triggers, but he still barks at nothing. I love him so much but attempted to rehome him for his own good, I’ve even contacted specialists who run facilities for dogs who can’t be homed, all have said no because he would be bullied due to his condition. I know this isn’t a good environment for him but for understandable reasons people and organisations won’t take him. I feel forgotten. 

I’m constantly heartbroken and the last 8 months have made me severely depressed. I’m considering euthanasia but don’t want to do it. I saved his life and am his rock. 

Any suggestions, medication, behavioural, specific behaviourists in the Uk, or anything else really, is hugely appreciated. If nothing else, thank you for reading - I suppose my boy and I are both in crisis."
1640,DogAdvice,Dog bite,"I didn’t see any rules saying i cant post this, but I understand if it gets deleted.  TW- mention of dog fight, wounds, injuries. 

I live with family, and we have 6 dogs total, 2 are mine, two belong to sibling a (sibling a doesn’t live with us but dogs are here), one belongs to sibling b, and one is my moms. One of sibling a’s dogs (dog a1) resource guards everything, (but mom refuses to feed dogs separately) and has gone after 4/5 of the other dogs, who did nothing in response. 

A few months ago, dog a1 went after one of my dogs. She ended up going after him and we had to take dog a1 to the vet. 

This morning, dog a1 went after my dog again, and we had to separate. Everything had calmed down, so we didnt crate either of them. My mom and I were sitting on the couch, and dog a1 was between us. My dog came walking by us and he tried to to after her again. My mom moved her arm in front of dog a1 and my dog bit my mom. It was a severe bite, and my mom ended up needing surgery. 

Where i live, i am able to self quarantine my dog, so she’ll be separated for ten days. Ive already arranged a foster for her after the quarantine is over (she was vaccinated in august so she is current), but what do i do from there? 

Sibling A hasnt lived in the house for almost a year but refuses to take her dogs. She lives in a pet friendly apartment and my mom paid her pet deposit. Dog a1 has had these issues for years, but no one has done anything to fix it or listens when i say his issues will only get worse as he gets older

Im not in a good place financially to move out, but i feel like that may be my only choice to keep my dog. The fight they got into previously was the first time shes ever gone after a dog before, and shes never shown any reactivity/aggression with people."
1641,DogAdvice,"Are they playing or fighting? The mother seems to be playing, but the puppy looks stressed. Is it normal or should I stop them? (Ps. All the growls/barks are from the puppy)",
1642,DogAdvice,My dogs won’t stop fighting.,"We have had my almost 2 yr old GSD (male, neutered) since he was 8 weeks. We just adopted a 9 month GSD pup (male, not neutered yet). We’ve had the pup for a week and a half now. 

The first day I brought the puppy home they were fighting for 8 hours and I had to take work off the next day cause i literally got no sleep with them. Since then the fighting is slowly getting to be less, but it is still fairly constant. 

Most of the time the fighting is playful. But after hours it still gets annoying. My older dog has gotten mean a couple times but that gets shut down immediately. Even after wearing each other out completely one of them will walk by the other and they start fighting all over again. 

I try separating them sometimes so they can get “breaks” but this is not realistic to do constantly. I will give them distractions like toys or kongs but as soon as they don’t want those anymore it’s back to the same thing. They wear each other out until they are basically passing out from exhaustion and falling asleep very easily. I just don’t know how they sleep for 20 mins and are back at it again. 

I know my older dog is doing this more out of showing his dominance and establishing that. The pup is usually just doing puppy things like nipping or being curious of the older dog which sets him off again. Like I said they do get disciplined if either of their behavior goes too far and I feel it is mean.

Is fighting like this almost all day normal behavior? If it is when will it calm down to a reasonable amount? If not, what can I do to make this better?"
1643,DogAdvice,Anyone knows what this plump ball is on my dogs neck?,[removed]
1644,DogAdvice,Rash cause for concern?,My dog has a rash in his groin area on both his left and right sides and also some in between his paws. We think it’s from anxiety licking when he’s in his kennel at night. Should we be concerned about this?
1645,DogAdvice,How does it look,"I posted the others day about her 4 days post op she got spayed Monday. Everyone said it looked fine but I was gone for two days and my parents watched her told them to not let her jump or run.

Just wanted to see if it is still good looking there is a lump to the left of it. She doesn’t look in pain or act and she eats fine. 

I am a over thinker so I stress  could it be a hernia or is it normal."
1646,DogAdvice,Little ball on his neck has grown in the past month.,[removed]
1647,DogAdvice,Alternatives toys for a dog banned from bones,My dog has never cared much for toys. She’s not interested in playing fetch very often &amp; tends to rip apart any stuffed toys or bones that aren’t “power chew” nylabones or equivalent. Her vet said she has 2 fractured teeth &amp; can no longer chew her bones. We need to find something new she would like and don’t know where to start. Suggestions?
1648,DogAdvice,Where should I go for rehoming a dog who is aggressive with strangers but very loving with family?,"My parents took in a dog of a family friends who is the absolute sweetest boy with family and people he knows. He is cuddly and loving and basically like a golden retriever. But when he sees strangers he goes crazy and he has nipped two people since they’ve had him. 

He does fine outside in public with people. The main issue is he is very protective of the house and his family when he is on their property. A defense dog if you well.

They love him so much but they don’t have time to train him properly to socialize him. He is great with other dogs and plays fine with them. But he just needs a home to be able to run and get his energy out. They don’t want to bring him to a shelter. But I’m afraid my mother wants to put him down after the incidents. Thats my last resort EVER. 

So any advice on other routes to go? Places to search for the type of home he needs?"
1649,DogAdvice,Anybody can give me advice to what this is ??,
1650,DogAdvice,I just got a new puppy and have a 1 year old Pomsky. I can’t tell if they are playing or not? The puppy keeps making a yapping noise and sorta like a snarl but puppy sound is that makes sense. Should I be concerned?,
1651,DogAdvice,At a fork in the road,My dog has been crated at night since she was a little puppy. She’s 2 now.  She has developed a habit of waking up extra early and banging on the crate to get out. Nothings wrong she just wants to lay in my bed with me. It’s disturbing my sleep. I never wanted her to sleep in my bed all night for a few reasons. For those whose dogs sleep with them how do you have “private time” with your partner? Is your dog ok being boarded since they are used to sleeping with you? How did you train/transition from the crate to another sleeping place?
1652,DogAdvice,I am at the emergency vet rn - what could be the cause of the below symptoms?,"Brought my 9yr old blind &amp; diabetic pug/chihuahua mix to the vet due to:

-vomiting 4 times in the past 24 hours
-not eating
-had not gone to the bathroom
-very lethargic

They took him back and the vet tech said they noted:

-low temp (95 degrees)
-labored breathing
-also noted lethargy 
-other vitals are normal

She told me they have him under a heat lamp/blankets to bring his temp up. She didn’t offer any other explanations, but he is classified as “urgent” (out of stable/urgent/critical). There are two other urgent cases ahead of him.

Any advice, speculation, etc. while I anxiously wait at the dog ER? Im hoping for some consoling information, but also want to be prepared for anything."
1653,DogAdvice,Help with choosing a bread,"I live in an apartment, I like going for walks but also chilling on the couch. I am trying to figure out a dog breed.

I almost adopted a dachshund mix today but someone else got him. I am currently eying a black mouth cur mix but I don’t know if that’d be a good choice.

Any advice?"
1654,DogAdvice,Possible skin infection?,
1655,DogAdvice,Why is my dogs nose so dry?,I called the vet and they didn’t seem too concerned about it. I bought some cream that I’ve been putting on it but it’s not seeming to get better. Should I take him in anyways?
1656,DogAdvice,New Behavior in Senior Dog- should I be concerned?,"I’ve had my dog since he was 5, and he’s now 12. He’s a neutered Australian Shepherd (possibly mixed, but idk) and has always been very calm and not one to really play. He was a medical alert dog for his former elderly owner who passed away which is why I took him in. He was very under socialized and over weight, so it took a lot of training and attention to get him healthy and used to being around other dogs. He’s now very social, loves to walk and exercise, but again, doesn’t play with toys. I work from home, so every day we walk the beach and he gets a lot of mental and physical stimulation with me, my husband, and my kid. If I go anywhere, he usually comes with me, and only shows anxiety when I have to leave him. He loves everyone in the family, but he’s MY dog, and basically my shadow. I’d describe him as a Velcro dog.

Over the last few weeks, he has been getting really antsy in the evenings to the point where he will play with toys with me. It’s been really nice to see his playful side, since every time I think about him being 12 I get really sad, since I know Aussies usually live 13-15years. He has no current health issues and his vet says he’s in very good shape for his age.

Here’s the (possible) issue: when we get into playing, or when he sees me play with my daughter, he starts trying to hump me. He has never done this before to people or dogs. When we used to go to dog parks, he was always submissive. If I’m sitting on the floor he starts digging around my legs and eventually pulls my leg towards him and mounts up. Even when I move away he’ll keep humping the air until I scratch his back and then he kinda snaps out of it. I try to keep the playing to fetch, since any tug of war or wrestling type play gets him humping.

I’m the only does it to me, nobody else. My concern is that this behavior could be a result of a health issue or could lead to a more concerning behavioral issue. I haven’t been able to find anything online as to why a 12 year old dog would suddenly start humping after never doing it before. Thanks!"
1657,DogAdvice,My pug woke up one morning with a weak right hind leg.,"He just woke up in the morning and seemed to be favoring his left hind leg while walking around the house and not putting weight on his right. You can see he is skipping and trying not to use his right leg in the video. He is showing no signs of pain and it still walking around. When I pull on the right leg he actively pulls vs with his left he kinda lets it happen. I’m hoping this isn’t beginning stages of pug myelopathy, just so weird how he randomly woke up like this."
1658,DogAdvice,How do you decide on a dog to adopt from a shelter?,
1659,DogAdvice,Just witnessed my neighbor's dogs getting into a fight and one of them seems pretty wounded. My neighbor isn't coming back until Monday.,"My neighbor has two  dogs -males, greek shepherds- who are always in the garden. He has a big garden and he has build a dog house for his dogs there.

So, the dogs seem to have a weird relationship with each other. One minute they're cuddling and the next they're fighting. It's very common for them to fight and it usually starts when something triggers them. They bark at a thing/animal/sound that triggered them and somehow they end up fighting pretty bad. I have talked to my neighbor about this and he seemed to consider it a normal thing like it's no big deal. 

Tonight I was walking my dog. Unfortunately, I can't avoid his house, so I have to pass by his dogs with my dog, who makes them bark, which sometimes leads them to fighting. Just like every time, when me and my dog passed by they both ran to the rails and started barking and then, they started fighting. One put the other down but I paid them no mind. I just moved on because I have seen them fighting before.

However, when my dog and I returned from our walk about 30 minutes later what I saw concerned me. One of the dogs, the one who was down, was still lying there and the other was standing on top of him doing nothing just standing there. When the one still standing saw us he ran to the rails to bark at us just as he usually does but the other did not move. The other dog kept laying there only moving his eyes to look around. When I walked closer, I saw blood on the side of his neck. I couldn't tell how bad the wound was because it was dark but the dog moving nothing but his eyes looking scared makes me believe it was quite bad. 

My neighbor is not home. He's usually away during the weekends and he returns on Monday or Tuesday. I have no way to contact him because I don't know his number and despite searching him on social media I couldn't find any profile matching his name and face (sounds creepy but I thought I could try reaching him on Facebook or something)

I went by his house 15 minutes ago. The wounded dog is still laying there and he now moves his head a little bit still looking very scared, while the other, the one that bit him, is lying next to him (it looks like he is protecting him/staying on his side but I am not expert). 

So, what do I do? Can I call anyone? The dogs are pretty aggressive to anyone trying to enter their territory, so I doubt anyone can approach them. I thought about calling the police but what if they put the dogs down? And if my neighbor finds out I called the police to his house while he was away, he is going to get angry and he is not a person one can reason with. 

I have contacted a group of volunteers who help dogs in my town but they haven't answered my messages yet. 

Is it possible the dog could die from the bite during the night? Should the dogs be separated? What am I supposed to do in cases like this? I feel helpless. Should I just contact the police and hope for the best? (according to the law here, the police can intervene in cases of animal abuse and they can take the animal away)."
1660,DogAdvice,I was told she was border collie/spaniel mix. But she has short legs and a long body. Is she corgie as well?,
1661,DogAdvice,What breed is my dog?,
1662,DogAdvice,Do dogs not know what their fart is?,My dog has started farting quite audibly lately. But every time it happens her ears go forward and she looks for the source of the noise which is her rear end and she has a surprised/confused expression. Similar to what happens when a large object drops unexpectedly next to you and you are like woah! What was that? Does it not occur to her that the sensation of a fart and the noise is connected?
1663,DogAdvice,Advice for Fleas?,"Hi everyone! I have an English Pointer with a short coat, and recently I keep noticing stray fleas on her? I know they usually say if you find one then there’s bound to be more, but I seriously don’t know whats going on because I check her coat and I never find more than one.

I give her the liquid solution for preventing fleas (the one you apply onto their coats), and I bathe her with dog shampoo which includes mint and other stuff said to repel fleas. I don’t brush her regularly even though I should. I’m really out of ideas on why she keeps bringing back only one flea, is this normal? Is there any explanation for this, and how can I prevent fleas?"
1664,DogAdvice,"Vet appointment isn’t until for another two weeks, but this area keeps getting worse. Any advice on what I can put on it to soothe it?",
1665,DogAdvice,I’m ruining out of options and my mental health is getting destroyed!,"About 8 years ago my life completely changed! I was scrolling on Facebook and saw a post of someone that was needing to rehome a chaweenie and without any questions asked (stupidly) i volunteered to take the male dog in.(huge mistake) The past 8 years I’ve been having to multiple times a day clean up after he uses the bathroom EVERYWHERE!! I’ve legitimately tried everything I’ve taken him to behavior classes, I’ve done positive reinforcement, I’ve done scheduling his bathrooms and eating times, I’ve tried potty pads( he refuses to use it), I take him outside constantly (he refuses), I have gone as far as making him diapers (his body shape requires suspenders) and the dog doesn’t care he will pee and poop in them constantly! If it wasn’t for my fiancé  I would (sadly) taken him to the pound (because my mental health is getting destroyed by the dog and he has ruined my house and has caused serious problems in my relationship) but my fiancé is obsessed with the dog about 2 years ago my fiancé gave the dog a tiny piece of hamburger and the dog choked and legitimately almost died (he straight up passed out) my fiancé was able to remove the meat from the dogs throat and the dog regained consciousness but ever since that happened my fiancé has developed extreme anxiety and he constantly thinks the dog is sick and dying (nothing is actually ever wrong) and obsesses over it!! Also not only has the dog destroyed almost every square inch of the carpet in my house (it’s all been removed) and destroyed couches, beds, rugs, clothes, and many many other things but also gets into trash cans rips them open! This dog also will climb threw rings of fire if he thinks there is a tiny microscopic piece of food anywhere! I’m going completely insane I want to pull my hair out sit in a corner of a dark room and cry I can’t handle it anymore!! I should probably add that my fiancé doesn’t help me clean up after the dog he would just leave poop and pee and trash until I clean it up!! I desperately need advice I don’t know what else to do!! I can’t stand this anymore my other cat and dog (both really really good animals) and I don’t deserve to suffer because of this dog!! Please no hate I’m going threw enough!!"
1666,DogAdvice,Behavior issues with our 9 month old corgi after realizing he was taken from his mom too soon,We got our little corgi in May of this year he was 8 weeks when we got him. We live in a border town and we got him from across the border. As he started to get older we started to realize his behavior issues (we figured this was because my boyfriend and I were in between places of living at the moment). Fast forward to now he’s very anxious and we are still having behavioral problems with him. We also neutered him hoping that would help and if anything we feel as if it’s gotten worse with him “marking his territory “ especially. We want to get him in some training classes but our financial pockets are a little tight right now. Any advice?
1667,DogAdvice,Hearing loss,"Hello! I have and 11 1/2 year old great dane. Recently, he has been exhibiting a signs of deafness (not listening, excessively vocal). I originally thought he was just getting stubborn in his old age. However, over the past few weeks I started thinking he might be deaf because he wouldn't even notice when visitors were at the house. It seemed happen almost overnight. He went to the vet and she said there was some fluid in his ear and performed a hearing test (making a sound behind him with a chime?) which she said he didn't respond to. She said it was likely due to age. I wasn't the one who actually took him to the appointment so I'm not sure why nothing could be done regarding getting rid of the fluid or what it was from.

I feel like he can still hear to some degree though. If I say ""do you want to go for a walk?"" Or ""do you want to go for a ride?"" He gets attentive and turns his head to the side like he always has. This works even if he isn't looking at me. 

So does this mean he can still hear to some degree or is he detecting familiar vibrations? Like right now he is napping next to me and I said his name.. He seemed to twitch a little but didn't wake up.

Also, any advice on whistles or perhaps vibrating collars to help get his attention if needed would be greatly appreciated."
1668,DogAdvice,Diarrhea and Insurance Question,"Both fun topics, right? My dog is a frequent flyer on the Hemorrhagic Gastroenteritis plane. He hasn’t had a bout for over a year but would insurance consider any diarrhea or GI issues a preexisting condition? 

And is it the same thing with dental? He needs a cleaning right now and I know they won’t cover it but will future annual dental and teeth issues be a problem with whoever I go with?

Trupanion is currently the lead in my initial research but this worries me."
1669,DogAdvice,"My dog was vaccinated twice for rabies by accident, is that okay?","My 10 month old pup had his rabies vaccine 6 months ago. Apparently some records in the vet office were messed up so he ended up receiving one again today. Is that okay? I was told he should be fine but I want to make sure. Thanks!

By the way, he is a 10-month old mutt and weighs 60 pounds. He is very healthy and experiences loose stools chronically and sporadically."
1670,DogAdvice,Special Thanksgiving dinner.. what to give dog!,Hello! I want to give my dog a special thanksgiving day meal. She is 40 pounds and loves a lot of things. Can I give her the inards of the turkey? Does it have to be cooked? Do you have any other ideas for food I can give her? Thanks so much!! And no she is not on a raw food diet if that matters? The most raw food she gets is some raw carrots and green beans and apples. Thanks!
1671,DogAdvice,"Dog is having allergic reaction, how much is too much Benadryl?","Pretty much the title. My boy just had an awful experience at a groomer and is also having an allergic reaction. He is super sensitive with a bunch of allergies (even some type of grass, cleaners, proteins, etc) so having a little bit of an allergic reaction isn’t uncommon. I want to give him some Benadryl to calm him down and help his allergies - everywhere online is saying to give him anywhere from 50 to 75 milligrams because he’s 75 pounds. Is that too much? Seems like an awful lot to me."
1672,DogAdvice,A weird-looking poop,"Our dog (1y5m, 6 kilos) had a weird-looking poop (see pic). It was firm but had yellow small chucks in it and was covered in slime, transparent to pinkish in places. This was her second poop for the day, the first one in the morning was perfect, and she has never had similar slime in her poop before. Right now she looks normal. Also, we happened to be at the vet for a regular check-up and worm and flea treatment 2 days ago and were told she is in good health. She sometimes chews away parts of her plush toys and is always trying to lick/eat anything she finds on the pavement during her walks. Any advice on what that poop might be caused by and whether we should run to the emergency vet or just wait and see how she is doing would be deeply appreciated."
1673,DogAdvice,Neighbor’s aggressive dog won’t stop fence fighting,"I have two dogs and a fenced in yard. My dogs live inside and I let them outside (supervised) for an hour or so a day to play with them. 

My neighbor’s dog is an aggressive pitbull and who lives outside 24/7, barks all night and bites my dogs through the fence when my dogs are peeing. The last fight that happened, I had to break it up and I got injured. There’s never a safe time to let them get their fresh air. I have also witnessed their dog mauling another dog through the fence

I don’t feel comfortable walking my dogs in this neighborhood, there’s several stray dogs and irresponsible owners who let their dogs roam. I’ve seen several stories on nextdoor from my neighborhood from people claiming their dogs got attacked by loose ones in the neighborhood. 

What’s the best course of action here? I’ve considered leaving a note in their mailbox about their aggressive dog, I’ve considered calling animal control, I just don’t want any retaliation from my neighbors"
1674,DogAdvice,Dog completely ignoring huge post-op surgery incision,"Hi all! My 44-lb Staffordshire Bull Terrier just had a tumor removed on his hip. The incision is 6-7 inches long, very lumpy and ugly and noticeable. However, he can't keep a cone on no matter what type we try, so we've just been observing how he acts without a cone. But, we've been with him 24/7, and he has not so much as sniffed the incision, let alone scratched it. Does this mean he's truly not bothered by it? Or does it hurt so bad that he doesn't want to touch it? He's usually a neurotic mess so I was expecting him to tear into it immediately... Anyway, just want to make sure there's nothing to worry about!"
1675,DogAdvice,To rehome or not to rehome,"Hello. I have a major dilemma here and maybe someone could give me insight on my thoughts to solve it. I would like to not have to rehome my dog by any means.  But. 

I am looking at starting a career change.  I’ve hit a sudden and unexpected brick wall in my life and things are about to change dramatically.  Where I currently work I take the dog to work with me.  She is almost never ever alone as she goes everywhere with me work or not.  This job is unexpectedly ending.  As a result I am looking at relocating to a new city, and starting a career as a plumber which is something I’ve wanted to get into.  Apprentices do not make much for the first or second year.  I’d be selling my home and besides apprentice salary, be living from the house sale until my monthly income gets higher and I’m once again in the green.  At which point I’d probably down payment a house with what I have left.  

The dilemma is that to keep the dog I am going to have to leave her home during the day.  I can probably spend the 200-300 a week hiring someone to come in halfway through the day and give her a walk.  I’d also walk or run her before and after work.  This would get expensive, but I could do it assuming by year two or 3 of apprenticeship my salary would increase and I’m not at a deficit each month.  Without the dog, I wouldn’t be in a deficit at all.  

But the money is only one thing I worry about.  The main thing is leaving her alone so much.   I hate the idea as she’s never spent much time alone.  There is a co worker currently who has a family with kids and a dog who might be open to taking her.   The dog absolutely loves this guy and she also loves kids and other dogs.  His wife is stay at home.   Kids are homeschooled.  She would have a good life.  

I’m seriously torn what to do here. It isn’t an easy decision by any means."
1676,DogAdvice,Worms?,"Vets closed until Monday, she’s been having diarrhea the past couple trays and today saw these, are these worms of some sort?"
1677,DogAdvice,any idea on how i'm to take my dog out to potty when it's cold and raining?,
1678,DogAdvice,Spay,"My 8 lbs long hair dachshund got spayed yesterday. When I went to pick her up they let me know some reason her spleen was by her stomach area &amp; when they cut open they cut her spleen as well. They assured me they did extra blood tests &amp; precautions to make sure she’s OK. Antibiotics for 2 weeks for the spleen &amp; pain meds for 4 days for spay. 

I’m just curious if there is anything I should do!? She does not want to be alone &amp; not really wanting to drink water by herself (out of my hand only). I’m just worried about the spleen….should I follow up with her vet in 2 weeks???"
1679,DogAdvice,How to stop a mother dog from regurgitating food for puppies?,"The pups are 14 weeks old now. I feed them the recommended amount of kibble 4 times a day. However, their mother won't stop regurgitating her food to them. She has done this since the pups were 6 weeks old (they were fully weaned at 10). She also starts bringing them her chews now. While it's great to see she cares for them so well, it's not good for her to be puking all the time and the puppies aren't supposed to get to eat so many chews. Does anyone have any idea how to stop her?"
1680,DogAdvice,Can beef cheek rolls make dogs poop pale?,"My 35lb pup chewed up a whole 8in beef cheek roll (one of the white ones) and he’s had pale tan poop for 1.5 days, is this normal? Considering getting blood work done at the vet to make sure it’s not a liver issue. He is acting totally fine, eating, drinking, playing, and going to the bathroom like normal. Poops are firm."
1681,DogAdvice,"what is this called? vet appointment on Tuesday, but they are curbside and sending videos has never worked.",
1682,DogAdvice,Heartgard meds side effects making my dog very sick,"So every month we dread the day we have to give the little guy some Heartgard. He cries at night and in the morning from the bellyache, loses his appetite, has diarrhea, etc. he’s just very uncomfortable every time. I’m not sure what to do to help ease the discomfort and make it less intense for him. It’s only a few days that get bad but I want to ease some of the side effects. 

Any tips?? 

Also is it normal for him to feel that shitty for a few days after?"
1683,DogAdvice,Medical advice regarding palliative care for an old puppy,
1684,DogAdvice,My dog just bit her groomer :(,"She's a year and a half old and is normally very friendly with everyone, people and dogs alike. She loves children when we see them out walking

We have noticed for the past month or so when we tell her to go outside for a pee before bed she has turned around and snapped if we attempted to touch her, so we don't touch her we just raise our voice and she relents and goes outside to pee. I felt awful when this happened as I never want to put her in a situation where she feels like she needs to bite, so I don't.

She's been going to the same groomer every month since we got her and they always say she has been difficult to groom and hates all of it, but never any aggression. I tried to help her by bathing her at home sometimes, using the hairdryer etc and she's great with me. I bring her with me into a small room in the house where she can't escape my hairdryer and I don't need to hold her or force anything. We play with toys while I dry her and she doesn't care.

Today they were trying to dry her, one person had the dryer and the other was holding her still and attempted to put a towel over her (apparently they do this to calm them but I've never heard of it). She 'freaked out', turned around and bit the groomer. She didn't break the skin but bit her quite hard.

I guess my question is - what should I do now to be responsible to her and to others? Can she be around my niece supervised? Should I avoid that groomers? Is it better to just groom her myself from now on?

We are keeping an eye on her in case there's a health reason, but I honestly think she's fine and I understand why she reacts how she does. She's such a great dog in every other way, and I'm just really sad this happened"
1685,DogAdvice,Is it appropriate or disrespectful to walk your dog in a cemetery?,"Just wondering. There’s a beautiful cemetery walking distance from my house with pathways all throughout that I’ve passed by and thought it would be a nice walk for the pup, but I don’t want to be disrespectful. Obviously I wouldn’t let him run around, pee on tombstones and I always clean up after his poops. Just wondering where people stand on this."
1686,DogAdvice,Owners of diabetic dogs: Does your dog nighttime hypoglycemia look like this?,"My dog (Female Yorkshire Terrier, 11 years old, Name: Lluna) is currently getting tested for possible diseases including diabetes, but the blood test results won't be available until Monday. For the last week she's been losing a lot of hair and the last 2 days at 19pm aprox she suddenly starts shivering and exhibits very low energy throughout a 20-30 minutes period during which I feed her 5ml of honey water with a syringe because she seems to get better after that, then she goes to sleep and the next morning she's full of energy again. 

If there's anyone reading this who has a diabetic dog, I'd appreciate if you shared your experience with me and gave me some advice, I don't sleep at all because I'm scared and constantly checking on her.

Should I wait until Monday test results or bring her to the ER? What worries me the most is that after the episodes, she will act as normal as If nothing had happened."
1687,DogAdvice,"Small dog owners, where in your home is your dogs bed/crate for sleeping at night?",
1688,DogAdvice,Small white pimple like lump on pad ? Feels slightly rough,
1689,DogAdvice,My dog keeps licking his paws. I'm not sure if this happened on a walk or because he licked it raw. more info in comments!,
1690,DogAdvice,How to clean teeth of 3 yr old GSD we winded up with?,"Long story short: 
I winded up with her as a foster fail and I believe her teeth needs cleaning but she won’t let anyone come near her mouth.
How do I introduce brushing teeth to her?

Details:

I’ve been a cat person all my life.
Both my cats passed after 16 &amp; 18 years of wonderful company.
A year after, I volunteered to temporarily host now-our dog, because she was abandoned by her owner and his parents were going to put her in pound.  The dog pound employees guaranteed that she’s be put down b/c they had no room.
We tried to re-home.. no one would take her.
So she’s ours now, vets, trainer … etc.  

It was an ordeal to get her to accept her new home and we LOVE her. 

She loves us now… a lot!"
1691,DogAdvice,Cone/e-collar alternatives,"I just had my 6 month old border collie neutered and he is freaking out about the cone. Does anyone know any DIY alternatives? I’m in a rural area and can’t get anywhere to buy an inflatable one and to have anything shipped would be a week at least. He really wants to lick so needs to have something to stop him doing so. Suggestions? This is my first time having a dog as an adult and everything until now has been smooth sailing, now he’s so miserable and anxious I don’t know what to do and I feel awful."
1692,DogAdvice,Any Idea What This Could Be?!,
1693,DogAdvice,Need help asap - dog barking at strangers when they turn to leave,
1694,DogAdvice,My dog is only eating cheese (please help),"I know I posted like yesterday but i’m worried and there is an update. So my dog with pancreatitis hasn’t been eating, generally I can get him to eat a little meat here and there but not much. I remembered his favorite food was cheese and took out some fat-free (he has pancreatitis) slices, but the issue is that is all he will eat. I’ve tried sneaking meat in and folding the cheese over it but when I do that he either eats around the meat or just spits it back out. I’m worried because he’s getting really skinny and I don’t think any dog can live on fat-free cheese alone."
1695,DogAdvice,Dog acting weird after leaving him with neighbour,"Just to be clear, I dont think there was any abuse involved. Ive known my neighbour for a few years now and I've seen him and obviously heard him in the back yard with his own dog before she passed away, he's got a very kind heart towards animals but I am also confused at why my dog is acting strange.

We have a Deerhound x Staghound and my partner and I have started working similar hours so hes pretty much left at home for 8 hours alone instead of the original 2.5 hours and it has been stressing me out a bit. My neighbour offered to look after him during the day when we're not home which seems like the ideal scenario. His wife is sick so he doesnt get to leave the house a lot so the company is probably good for both of them.

I left him today for a couple of hours whilst i worked a half day for a bit of a trial period, gave my neighbour the run down and the do's/dont's and was on my way. Thanks for reading the rambling just wanted to clarify the situation and scenario. 

Home now and he seems to be acting a bit aloof and depressed. Is this normal? Have I just upset his routine? I think this will be a better routine in the long run. Is it fear of abandonment or something? I'm very lost and would love some answers on whether or not im doing the right or wrong thing. Thanks"
1696,DogAdvice,Please help me with math,I went to the vet today and my sweet baby needs to lose a little weight. He should be eating 550 calories a day. His dog food is 380 calories per cup. How much should I be feeding him in cups??
1697,DogAdvice,Year old dog throws herself against crate and stomps in poop,
1698,DogAdvice,Border collie 😍💙,
1699,DogAdvice,Am I a mean dog mom?,"My dog sleeps in bed with me, and I can imagine she jumps in bed with me when she wants to be close to me, but when she brings her toys in the bed, I tell her “down.” I only do this cause she always chews them on top of my blankets and rips up the bed coves and the bed. Does that make me confusing or mean? I know she wants both her toy and me… but I can’t allow both"
1700,DogAdvice,What does their body language mean? What was he (the dog) trying to do?,
1701,DogAdvice,Dog won't play with her toys anymore,"Hi, I'm not totally sure if this is the appropriate place to ask this, but I'm wondering if anyone has any advice. I have a 5 year old female husky that I've had since she was 7 weeks old. Of course like most huskies she's pretty high energy, and has always chewed on and destroyed toys since I got her. Her favorites tend to be string toys (that I monitor bc she's bad about trying to eat the string), stuffed animals (that I get very rarely bc she destroys them so fast and makes a huge mess), and cardboard, which she mostly just likes tearing up.

Back at the end of July I made a big move. This was clearly pretty hard on my dog. I lived with someone else before and there was another dog in the house that we got when she was about 3 months old, a female border collie. This border collie lived with us and my husky for 3 years (we got her when my husky was 2). 

When I moved the border collie went with the other person. I moved into a much smaller place and simply could not handle two dogs right now, especially two high energy dogs. 

Not only has my husky become a lot more anxious and needy (she clings to me and follows me room to room, which she never did before. She's affectionate but never like this) but she basically won't touch her toys anymore. I even got her a stuffed animal when we got here and even now months later it's intact. She licks it sometimes but that's about it. 

She eats and drinks normally, was in total health last time i took her to the vet, she still loves to go on walks and play with other dogs when I can manage to get her to a dog park, but she will not touch her toys. 

The combination of the anxiety and lack of interest in toys has me a little worried since she hasn't gotten better in all this time. It also makes caring for her pretty difficult as she seems to struggle to entertain herself at all and wants attention from me, and especially exercise, 24/7. I do what I can but I have my own stuff to do, and quite frankly some days after having already walked her a few miles and trying to play with her (which she's not really up for at my apartment either) I don't have the energy or interest in more play time. 

I'm going to be in this apartment for a while longer. I was wondering if anyone had any advice as to what I could do to get her to actually play with her toys again. I've tried rotating her toys, tried getting her new things(new rope toy, stuffed animals, rubber ones) but the only ones she has any interest in are new bones, and even those she gets bored of pretty quickly. I can't exactly afford to just constantly buy her new bones she barely even makes a dent on anymore every week. 

I thought at first she just needed more time but we're coming up on 5 months now of this. I'm not sure what to do to help her."
1702,DogAdvice,"My dog doesn't listen at all, what do I do?","Just got a pomeranian dog mix. She's about two years old. I named her Izzy. She's more like a family dog really rather then just mine. Well, I've had Izzy for four months and she still hasn't learned the basics! She doesn't get up when I call her inside the house, but for some reason she'll get up when called outside. And it took me a month for her to start trusting me. I gave her treats but she wouldn't eat them and it took the two months for her to eat them! But, she doesn't like the treats enough for me to train her to do things. Like, for my other dog I'd give him a treat if he sat down. But Izzy is way too lazy to do anything of that sort. I don't know what to do. I don't know how to control her when she's so lazy she won't even get up for a treat! What should I do?"
1703,DogAdvice,My Dog Keeps Regurgitating His Food,"Hi r/DogAdvice. My dog is a 2 year old neutered male corgi. He is a pretty vomit-y dog in general, so at first this didn't raise too many alarm bells (he has been to the vet for vomiting three times and they never could find a reason for it). For the past three days, he's been regurgitating some or all of his food a few minutes after eating. Not every time, but at least once per day. It's not always all of his food (sometimes it is) but 50-75%. He is pooping like normal, has plenty of energy, drinking normally, and doesn't seem lethargic at all. He is acting completely normal, other than the regurgitating. He also has a slow feeder, but I'm not sure if it's actually effective at slowing him down since it's the same bowl he's had since he was a puppy. We haven't changed anything in his diet or anything like that. He does have allergies and we give him Benedryl on days it's really bad, but he hasn't taken any for a week or so. We are going to try and find a vet that can take him before the holidays, but our normal vet is completely booked. My only thought now is that either a) the slow feeder is not slowing him down enough or b) he's anxious. 

Does anyone have any advice? Or thoughts? Anything we can do to help him?"
1704,DogAdvice,Looking for some insight as to what this is please.,"20kg, 7yo male. It's tiny, felt it under my fingers when I was giving him a stroke. It's on his back leg and is skin coloured. Could it be just a skin tag?"
1705,DogAdvice,Uncomfortable around aggressive akita,"I live with my parents and my old dog who is a mutt. They bought an akita 2 years ago. My parents aren't good dog owners and haven't trained her at all and she is out of everyone's control. The worst thing is she is aggressive toward my dog and has fought her several times to the point where she leaves her bleeding and traumatized. Sometimes she'll growl at me too and I'm not comfortable being around her. I'm looking for a place to move out where I can bring my dog but it's hard to find a place at the moment. My parents refuse to give the akita away; I don't even think she would allow to be given to someone else, she's so stubborn and hard to control. I wish they hadn't bought her and I don't know what to do. I'm still looking for a place but it could take months. Any advice?"
1706,DogAdvice,2 Dogs moving in together?,"My boyfriend has a 1 year old Doberman &amp; I have a 9 month old Jack x Pom .. they are both male dogs. They’ve played with each other since we’ve both gotten them at around 4 months old - we see each other every day &amp; we go out to the park so they can play with each other every day &amp; they play together very well. 

We’re currently away on a road trip with both dogs, it’s the first time both dogs have a sleepover &amp; the first night was definitely rough. They were so hyper and excited that they only fell asleep around 2am. Since then they’ve been a lot calmer but there’s been a slight incident. My bf’s Doberman was smelling my dogs bum and my dog went to do the same thing when my bf’s dog just snapped at him and bit him as a warning.. it’s the first time that’s happened. My dog was fine. It just also happened a second time, out of nowhere my bf’s dog just snapped at my dog and now he’s just by my side, sitting down underneath my chair &amp; not walking around anywhere. Whenever my bf’s dog comes close to him, he just puts his belly up. My dog is just staying by my side and I can see he’s scared. 

In an event like this what can I do? Because I know the cheerful and happy dog that I have so I hate seeing him like this. We were hoping in a few months to move in, how do we adjust both of them into the same house? What useful advice should we know? 😰"
1707,DogAdvice,Dog's eyelid,
1708,DogAdvice,5 y/o Dog has randomly started peeing in the house - advice,"So we adopted a shelter dog in 2019, she was fully potty trained, never made any accidents, knew tricks, etc. the only issue we faced was she had separation anxiety and she couldn’t be left home alone in a cage . 
We came home and  she had peed on herself, had saliva covering her body and her cage. So we never left her in a cage after that. 
Just recently we’ve noticed that whenever no one is home, even for an hour, she pee’s. It’s only in one area of our home and it’s ALOT of pee. We do let her outside before we leave but that never helps. She’s never done this before and has been left home alone countless times and this never was an issue. Like I said It’s only when she’s left alone for any period of time. 
I’m scared we may have to get rid of her because she will not stop peeing, our floors are peeling up from how much she is peeing on the floors. 
What should I do to correct the behavior, could it be a health issue? 
Thanks!"
1709,DogAdvice,What can I do to treat this.,I recently took my dog to the vet to be neutered and a week after he started getting this infection on his eye. I don't know if he got it from the vet visit. Or was this from his medication he was taking. Image attached
1710,DogAdvice,How do I get a dog to understand that a purr is not a growl?,"My dog and kitten are trying to get along. The kitten loves the dog and today they were curled up together and the kitten started purring. Well, the dog thinks it's a growl and started grmbling at him and got up to move away. How do I teach him that purrs are a good thing?"
1711,DogAdvice,Dog keeps getting ear infections,"She’s a hound. She refuses to wear her hat. She gets an infection, we go to the vet, he treats it with antibiotics, it gets better…for a few days. And then we’re back. 

Are there any home remedies for dogs that are prone to ear infections from the cold. She’s miserable and I’m broke. We’re talking $3k on vet fees every damn winter. 

Here’s what we’ve tried: 

Working on her diet. It’s not allergies. 
Antibiotic (after the vet took a culture) Not super effective. 
Training her to wear a hat (working on it) (it’s not working yet) 
Moving to a warmer climate (we’re too broke from vet fees and meds to move to Florida. One day!) 

Toss me your home remedies. I’m desperate."
1712,DogAdvice,Advice on clingy dog,"My dog is a 5 year old Maltese/Westie male. He has been skittish his whole life, we adopted him at 6 months old from not abusive but also not the best circumstances. I love my dog but all he does is follow me everywhere, lay on me as close as he can, any attention I give to other animals or people he try’s to get involved, and he just stares unblinking at me. My husband he completely leaves alone. Now if we are at someone’s home who he knows he will completely leave me alone and go do other things or if we are outside. But when home he drives me mental and I constantly feel guilty like I should be doing something. It’s exhausting. We tried adopting a puppy for a companion of the same breed. they were together for over a year but then my dog would just hide away in another room and completely seclude himself. (The puppy was given to another family member who lives on a farm and lives a great life for anyone thinking of giving me shit for giving my puppy away, but it was distressing the dog we already had) any advice on what to do? I just want him to relax and stop being so clingy"
1713,DogAdvice,"Dry patch. Started about 10 days ago, hasn’t been scratching at it. Not sure if there’s something I can do",
1714,DogAdvice,8month boxer + 3 year Corso. Best friends can’t be separated . Any advice to get them to live longer? The mastiff I know will have hip and joint problems when he’s older since he’s so big. I want to prevent that as much as possible. Recommendations?,
1715,DogAdvice,Hello! I am looking for a new canned dog food for my 2 year old pup as well as some questions.,"Hello! I was wanting to ask and see if anyone had good recommendations for affordable canned dog food. Currently I buy Purina canned dog food because it was recommended by a vet. I pay around 45 dollars for the entire month and was wondering if there was another brand. My dog seems to be not eating it as much anymore. So I am trying to do a brand switch up that’s healthy for her. I do mix it with kibble. However, my main question is, can I just give her only canned dog food? She seems to not like kibble."
1716,DogAdvice,Help with getting dog to go to the bathroom post surgery.,"Afternoon, our 3.5 year old lab/hound mix had TPLO surgery 10 days ago. Since home she has been going to the bathroom about every 10 to 14 hours. These last two days she is now only going every 22ish hours. Her not peeing is more of a concern than pooping in that time frame and i dont want her to get a bladder infection.

She has actually been drinking more water than when she came home over a week ago and I take her out multiple times throughout the day ranging from 15 mins to an hour. She is also eating her normal amount of food pre-surgery.

These last two days she just wanders around the yard and seems to just straight up refuse to go to the bathroom. I'm not sure how to get her to go. I have taking the cone off, gave her a bit of space with the leash and also giving her access to previous no entry sections for her in our backyard. We also keep it clean as usual and don't leave her droppings behind.

Besides this she is actually improving greatly. Her leg is no longer swollen, her walking has improved and her demeanor is her usual happy self.

Has anyone else experienced this and do they have any suggestions on how to get her to go more often?"
1717,DogAdvice,15 year old Pit declining ):,"As the title says my girlfriends 15 year old pit has been declining over the past couple years slowly but surely. I wanted some advice if it’s time to put her down or if she still has some more time. Recently she hasn’t been going outside and has used the bathroom in the house on multiple occasions, she’s had her since a puppy and this is very unlike her. She hates the cold but will still go outside and use the bathroom but recently she hasn’t been, she either can’t or won’t use the doggy door and won’t go outside unless someone basically begs her to and goes out with her. She also shakes sometimes when laying down and seems to be in pain but I’m not sure if it’s just because she’s cold. We make fires for her and she seems fine but it’s still very concerning to see her shake the way she does. She has a tumor on her stomach that the vet said was most likely cancerous but she was already 13-14 so surgery didn’t seem like a great idea. She’s been weaker lately and also idk if this is concerning but it scared me when it happened, she was asleep and out of nowhere jumped up and started running and looked super confused then came to her senses and just laid back down, usually when she has a bad dream she’ll yelp in her sleep but never did anything like this. Do you think it’s time to put down? Thanks in advance for any advice or help."
1718,DogAdvice,"My dog is suffering from some kind of skin problem that the vet couldn't identify at the time. I have always treated her for fleas, and more recently for allergies and eczema but nothing seems to work. Small scabs on her belly &amp; inner thighs and the skin around her mouth is always pink and irritated",
1719,DogAdvice,Am I wrong to convince my bf to make his dogs live indoors?,"This is going to be long, bear with me.
My bf has three dogs, two of which are large 9 month old picardy spaniels (littermates) who live in a 10x20 dog run (the other dog spends the day in his parents backyard). All of his dogs are outside dogs, but he allows one of his favorites to sleep inside every night. He has never had an indoor dog before. He got the two large Picardy’s as 8 week old puppies and pretty much put them immediately in the dog run. They haven’t been trained at all and they get minimal attention. They don’t even have a dog house big enough for one of them, let alone both. They bark constantly and they jump like crazy, especially if anyone is near the fence. (They get so wild to the point that I’m nervous they will hurt themselves.) He says they have plenty of toys but I’ve never seen them. He also tells me that he lets them out of the run and gives them lots of space to roam around a few times a week. I told him they should sleep inside, especially since his other dog gets to and he says “they’re fine” because all of his life he has had outside dogs and they were “fine”. We live in the south, so I get it, it’s not *that* cold, but it’s just not right, and surely cant be comfortable. I just think he has a totally different view on dogs. To me, he treats them like an accessory. Meanwhile, I have four dogs who are a little spoiled. Mine are all well trained and allowed on the couch with me and sleep in bed next to me. 
His excuse for not letting them inside is that they are dirty, smelly and very loud and unruly. I have told him several times that they’re just untrained so they don’t know any better and the solution to the problem is to train them. I was under the impression that as soon as they get trained, he will allow them to sleep inside, but it’s not looking that way. I asked him if he has looked into training them and he says he just wants to find a specific trainer who will prepare them for hunting. 
I told him they will get nowhere hunting without first learning basic obedience so it doesn’t matter. 
I just want these beautiful dogs to have a fulfilling, comfortable, and happy life. And I don’t think he realizes that the dogs being with him more (even just laying at his feet while watching TV in the evening) will build a bond and end up making him happier too. I just think that he has never had the opportunity to bond with a dog closely so he will never understand my point of view until he does. 
It’s just so sad to see them yelp and jump and whine for attention all the time. I hate that they are stuck in a tiny space and don’t even have a dog house. And it makes me so upset that he says “they’re fine” because they deserve so much better than “fine”. Seeing them bark and jump in their tiny space makes me cry every time.

And this is not even mentioning the ignorance of him putting these two siblings (M+F) together in the same enclosure for 9 straight months. I’m worried about littermate syndrome and possible inbreeding occurring. 

Is it wrong of me to try to convince him to make them indoor dogs? If not, how do I do it? I don’t want to guilt trip him all the time but I don’t know how to emphasize how important it is to me, especially as the temperature starts dropping. It’s so unfair to those wonderful dogs and it’s upsetting that he is unfazed by it. 

Advice?

TLDR: my bf has outside dogs that, from my perspective, would be a hell of a lot happier living inside but he says they’re too disobedient to live inside because they’re totally untrained. I want them to live inside but he and i have totally different views on dogs."
1720,DogAdvice,Best way to keep small dog occupied while I'm at work?,"I have a mini spoodle who is just over 3 years old and live by myself. I work shift work as a nurse, so doggy daycare and friends watching him isn't always possible. 

I've had a pet camera set up before and he frets for less than half an hour, then jumps on the couch to sleep. 

Any tips for keeping him occupied? A second dog is out of the picture at the moment (but maybe eventually!) He's got access to a backyard, plenty of toys and obviously, water and food."
1721,DogAdvice,"Anyone knows what this is? i cant take her to the vet yet, she lives near my house",
1722,DogAdvice,Looking for dog incontinence help,"Essentially what the title says. I have a small 5lb senior chihuahua. She has congestive heart failure and her medication makes her have a lot of accidents. I’m tired of having to constantly wash rugs, blankets, sheets, beds, etc. I tried pee pads but she doesn’t understand them. I have bought disposable diapers but she easily takes them off. So, I bought cloth diapers with suspenders that require diaper inserts. She still somehow finds a way to take them off. However, when she does keep them on it seems like they leak anyway. The cloth diaper is always soaked and often I still find places where she completely peed on the carpet through her diaper. I’ve even bought two separate “waterproof” dog blankets to cover my bed and some of the floor. I’m seriously losing my mind from living in pee smell but it’s impossible for me to find all the places where the diaper fails or when she gets out of the diaper when I’m not home. 

Every diaper that I have found online has some review talking about how it isn’t actually leak proof because either it isn’t absorbent enough, or it spills over the leg holes. Blankets also have these types of reviews.

Side note: I have even considered if I could scent train my younger dog to tell me where she peed so I could make sure to clean it up asap and really good but idk if that is confusing for a dog 🤷‍♀️. 

I’m willing to try anything at this point"
1723,DogAdvice,About to Fly across continents and then drive cross country with 2 dogs....any advice on how to get ready?,"So, the USA + any USA Airlines rules have made it practically impossible to fly home from Brazil to the USA that doesn't cost 6k to bring them home with me. SO I have found 1 airline that will still fly a dog under the plane with you that is a latin america airlines BUT They only fly into 2 cities, Miami or NY. My destination....New Mexico. SO, I need to rent a car to drive from Rio to Sao Paulo (8 hours). Then Fly the dogs from Sao Paulo to Miami strait flight, 8 hours, then rent a car from miami and drive to New Mexico....(30ish hours) This isn't a spur of the moment vacation or anything this is a change of countries for safety and my family. So there is just no...not leaving or not going. And this is my only way to bring my fur family with me and I am willing to do it....Any advice on how to acclimate and get the dogs ready for this trip in 2 months to make this as smooth as possible I'd really appreciate.

Mini Schnauzer has flown cross continental before from mexico to brazil. He's crate trained but deaf now...maybe a bonus because he won't hear all the plane noises? Also great in cars and long road trips. But I've never done....Cross country road trip with him.

Newer Member is 1 years old and very clingy and I've been working on his crate training, what I worry about is his separation anxiety that I've mostly worked on so I can leave the house anytime, But I don't know how he will take me leaving him at the airport. He's also good in cars but the only long trip he's been on is when we rescued him in the mountains and brought him home. He's also 2xs bigger then the mini schnauzer.

I'm a bit overwhelmed but I want them to be safe and comfortable and I want to buy things for the car, A) to protect it from dogs to hopefully not have to pay for detailing, and to keep them safe out of the crates (because both won't fit in a car without disassembly) And how to make this as easy of a transition for them because this is about to be a crap ton of change all at once. Any Advice would be welcomed"
1724,DogAdvice,"Anyone know what breed my new puppy could be? The rescue said she’s a German shepherd mix, trying to figure out what she can be mixed with.",
1725,DogAdvice,About to fly 2 hours with my 6 month old puppy. Any tips?,"For context, he is a 5.5 lb mini schnauzer (our little runt of the litter) who I’ve been introducing the travel carrier to over the past week. He is crate trained and potty trained. Just looking for some tips maybe I don’t know about!"
1726,DogAdvice,Why is my Akita so obsessed with licking the inside of Husky's mouth?,
1727,DogAdvice,"Does anyone know if this infection is serious?the vet keeps rescheduling and I can’t get in until the 25th, I’m extremely worried about her leg since she’s old at 14.",
1728,DogAdvice,Puppy and cat help!,"Hi everyone!

For context we've got a labrador puppy who is 5 and a half months and two 4 year old cats. Everything had been going well, the relationship was progressing to the point where all three could be sleeping in the same room as one another as recently as yesterday. Puppy is always on a house line and is never allowed to chase the cats. Ever.

We got home yesterday evening and one of my cats (the more confident one!) now bolts out of the room whenever puppy comes in. I'm not sure what has happened but he's become petrified of him and it's making me so so sad.

Any ideas/tips what I can do to repair the relationship??? It was going so well and I'm heartbroken that our cat has had something happen that has scared him this much of our puppy. I dont want him to have to spend his whole life upstairs now when he was such a confident, loud boy."
1729,DogAdvice,"She keeps licking her lips and panting, she was doing this earlier and threw up after about a half hour. She was perfectly fine for about an hour this started this again, seems like she’s trying to heave something up but can’t.",
1730,DogAdvice,Oragel for a dog?,"My sweet Cali girl bit her lip. I only caught it because she bled on my hand while I was wiping her eyes, but her lip is swollen and bleeding a bit. Can I put oragel on it so it’s not a painful?"
1731,DogAdvice,Dog has developed fear of cooking,"My dog is 8 and this has been going on for the last month or so. Whenever my bf uses the stove (unsure if she does it w me) she hides. I find her in the bath tub or tucked next to the dryer, she absolutely will not go in the kitchen. I tried giving her a treat and she won't touch it even in the living room. The other night my bf tried bringing her to bed after cooking and he had to chase her out of the laundry room, down from upstairs, and out of the laundry room again. She's normally such a big beggar. I don't think she got hit with grease bc we don't cook greasy food often and she is very loud about getting hurt. Food doesn't smell like it's burning either. I really don't know where this came from or how to make her feel less stressed other than maybe I will make an egg for her so she has a positive association (I'm pretty sure she knows what the stove is used for though). I feel so bad for stressing her out so much. Any ideas?"
1732,DogAdvice,Dog won’t stop going after newborn,I just brought home my baby girl today and my dog who I have raised since he was 8 weeks old has been aggressive towards her. He won’t stop whining at her and when we let him slowly investigate her he gummed her foot. He’s legit following her around and treating her like she’s something he’s hunting. He’s a minpin/chihuahua mix and I don’t know what to do about his behavior. It’s only the first day but he’s literally treating her like a piece of steak or a chew toy. The only thing I can think of at the moment is to get him a muzzle. Right now our daughter is not safe being near him and he won’t stop whining and going after her if she’s in the room.
1733,DogAdvice,Warm gloves/mittens for dog walking?,"Hi all! Hopefully this is allowed but I’m seeking other dog owners advice in finding a pair of gloves, mittens, or convertible mittenS. I walk my dog 3x a day and with it getting colder out, I’m struggling to find a pair of gloves or mittens that help my hands warm but also allow me to hold the leash handle and maybe even operate a poop bag (ha!)"
1734,DogAdvice,This is really stupid but..,"I don’t want to be without my dog on Thanksgiving. I know it’s dumb but I truly feel like he’s part of my family and I hate that I’m going to be away from him and don’t want him to be crated for so many hours, since my fiancé and I will be going to two different Thanksgivings. I feel like I’m going to be miserable and missing him. I wanted him to come to my parents house with us but they won’t allow it. This isn’t really me advice seeking, more like ranting.. Sorry ): I know it’s going to be the same on Christmas, too. I dread Christmas because I don’t want to leave him alone. It’s so sad to have to spend Christmas alone or in a crate. He should be able to enjoy a holiday just like we do, especially considering their lives are significantly shorter. Aaaaa!!!!! I’m being crazy but it makes me so sad!!"
1735,DogAdvice,Dog got spayed just wanted to see if it looks good so far has only been four days since.,
1736,DogAdvice,Lost my dog on a walk,"About a hour ago I gave up driving around trying to find my dog after she ran off after some deer on or walk in our trailer park 
I’m very new to this and it’s already 8pm I’m not sure what to do (this isn’t her first time getting loose and usually once I start my car up she usually hears it and runs staging for into the car but this time we where too far away from home for me to hop in really quick I drove around for a hour but have seen no signs of her…..I’m afraid someone picked her up as she’s super friendly and I won’t get her back I’m already loosing my mind about not getting her back tonight in general….pls help"
1737,DogAdvice,Dog yelps in pain when being picked up,"I'm 19 and I haven't owned a small dog before him. I grew up with big dogs and cats. I usually pick him up by the armpit regon and from time to time he yelps. I try to be as gentle as I can but idk 😶. I picked up other pets like this and they never had a problem with it so it confuses me on what I'm doing wrong. 

I originally thought it was his harness rubbing against his armpits making them hurt but that doesn't seem to be the case since he hasn't worn it in months. It's not ever single time I pick him up but it is enough to notice. I even examined the area there doesn't seem to be anything that could cause him pain. I must be holding him wrong or still some how being rough. I don't think I am or at least trying not to be. I feel so bad. I don't pick him up often, only when I need him to move or go outside. 

Any suggestions? Is there something more to it? Is there a better way to pick him up?"
1738,DogAdvice,What do I do if my dog bit a child,"My terrier bit a child, the 2yr old child was teasing and hitting my dog, I am wondering what I should do? Please help me"
1739,DogAdvice,Friend just took home a golden retriever pup yesterday and he threw this up what is it what should they do?,
1740,DogAdvice,how long does it take for neuter stitches to dissolve?,i’ve seen some say 14 days and some say 4 months. it has been around 1.5 months and there are still two stitches.
1741,DogAdvice,Could it be anxiety?,"My almost 2 year old (male &amp; neutered) hasn’t been himself since the start of the month, around bonfire night. We went to the vet, all seemed well but gave him a painkiller just in case. That didn’t make much difference so he had extra cuddles, extra playtimes, extra everything and he perked up. That was until last week when we saw our postie and he tried to nip him which is really out of character! We put it down to being spooked by his bag (it slipped off when he leant down) but today he went from happy waggy boy to growling and nipping the workman next door in a matter of seconds. The workman isn’t a stranger. Tonight my wife went to do last wee wees and he wasn’t happy (we have rain) and when she went to tap his tushy out the door he tried to nip her? 
It’s very out of character for him, he’s well socialised (he comes everywhere with us inc holidays) he’s had no change in diet or home situation. Any advice is welcomed, thank you"
1742,DogAdvice,why does she sit like this,
1743,DogAdvice,2 y/o Cav King Charles still potties inside..,"Mochi, my 2-year-old Cavalier, sweet as the dickens and mostly smart to boot, can't seem to understand that outside is the only place he should go to the bathroom. We take him out regularly, almost too often by comparison to the tens of dogs I've had prior (and I know they are all different). We even got him mostly button trained so that he'll press a button (one in our living space, another in our bedroom) when he wants to go outside. But, at least once a day now, he'll just decide to go inside instead. The time is random, as is the accident and place he goes.  


He's fixed. And even when he does go inside, it's not in the same spot, and (if it's pee) it's never with a raised leg as if to mark. We always clean it with an enzyme cleaner, and a fancy carpet-washing vacuum to be sure that it's thorough. As I said, it's at least once a day, but never at the same time. I get up at 5 AM Monday thru Friday to walk him, and most mornings it's dragging him out of bed just to get up (it's cold and he's a snuggly lazy boy who likes to stay next to us under the weighted blanket, lol). He goes and does his business and then back to bed while I get ready for work. My partner gets up around 8 AM, and sometimes finds that Mochi has gone again, not even a full 3 hours later! If it's a good morning though, we can almost be assured there's going to be a different time that day he decides to have his accident. My partner stays up nightly, between 1 to 2 AM almost every weekday, just to make sure he goes outside before bed!  


During the day, if Mochi has to go, he'll press the button. My partner works from home, so Mochi gets to go out regularly on a short schedule just to try and keep ahead of the accidents as best we can. This basically has lined up to be 5 AM, 8 AM, 1 PM, 5 PM, 10 PM, and 1 AM. We had discovered back when things were really bad with his accidents, Mochi wasn't getting put in his kennel (we call it his home when speaking to him) enough for nap times. When we started that, it helped immensely, but not completely. We feed him regularly, twice a day, with the same amount of recommended food in the morning between 8 and 10 AM (depending on if we slept in on the weekend), and then again around 6 PM (depending on when we've had dinner, as he knows to go into his home while we eat, and his dinner is right after). He has constant access to clean, running water from a tip-proof cat water fountain. He likes it because his ""sister"" (our black cat) likes it, and they're the best of friends.  


And honestly, the craziest thing is, he'll have a day of the week (sometimes a weekday, sometimes a weekend, but not typically more than 2 times a week) where he not only doesn't have an accident, but he won't even ask to go outside for what most deem a normal amount of time between his restroom breaks, 8 hours! And he'll have those days without anything else being different - his meals, his naps, play times with either us or his sister, etc. But no matter what we do, we literally cannot come up with what we can do to replicate those days.  


We've taken him to our vet, who has done x-rays and scans to see if his bladder is ""small"" or if there's any infection(s), but he's in perfect health, and even more so considering his breed! We've been told over and over since he was a puppy (idc what people say, he still is, okay!!) ""Don't worry, it'll pass, and he'll be trained before you know it,"" or ""Just keep at it, and he'll get it,"" or ""have you tried to reward him with treats while outside and after he goes potty,"" or ""make sure you take him out consistently/at the same time,"" and more. We've tried them all. He's not the first dog I've had, not the first dog that I got while on my own, and certainly not the first dog I've potty trained, whether in my family or on my own. But we're out of ideas, and we've gone through all the typical advice. This can't be his normal. He's such a good boy, and the biggest love bug you'd ever seen, and the greatest snuggler in the world. There's gotta be something we can do to help him be the bestest boy we know he is.  


If anyone has anything, any SAFE but unconventional advise we could try, please, please, let me know!"
1744,DogAdvice,Puppy Help,"I recently adopted a puppy and although I have had dogs my entire life I have never rescued one younger than 1. She is 11 weeks old and I haven’t been giving her any human food as she has had diarrhea, this is abnormal for me as my mom always gave our dogs little bits of human food and it never was an issue. 

I was eating some McDonald’s fries and since my other dogs love them I decided to give her a piece of one. It’s been about 30 minutes to an hour and she started gagging. It scared me because it sounded like an asthma attack and I thought she was choking or suffocating and she was laying in my arms asleep so it was really weird. She regurgitated the French fry and a few pieces of kibble. Anyone have puppy advice on what puppies can’t digest? 

I wanted to be strictly against giving into her begging but I just rescued her Saturday and French fries are my favorite so I thought she’d love to taste one for the first time too. Now I feel stupid and like a bad pet mom but I am new to puppies… I probably will stick to her dog treats from now on, I’m just curious."
1745,DogAdvice,Need help with my multi-dog household,"I have a 5 year old Australian Cattle Dog mix boy and a 9 month old Poodle mix girl.

When my girl was younger and not potty trained, she was exclusively in a playpen in the kitchen. Gave her alone time everyday and it went okay. She wasn’t totally comfortable, but didn’t bark, cry, act upset etc. She basically just stared at the door.

After she got spayed around 6 months, and is now potty trained, I fully puppy proofed my bedroom and moved her in there. Not in the playpen, just stuck a baby gate at the door and let her free roam. Here’s the kicker, she has barrier frustration and is destroying the gate at the door. I try to give her alone time, but the barking and chewing commences as soon as I walk away. I leave her with toys and chews, but it’s not enough to engage her. 

I have a CTC, CPDT-KA, SAPro trainer, but it’s been little help. She says the two dogs play well together, but will never be able to be alone together because of their size differences (he’s about 70 pounds, she’s about 12 pounds). She recommends giving them 10-15 minutes a day supervised together without toys and then increasing the time. Which, cool but if she has barrier frustration and needs to be separated when I’m away, how do I do that? Now that she’s had freedom, she doesn’t care for her pen or crate anymore. Do I re-train her to go in her crate or playpen? Would half a day doggy daycare once a week help her be separated from me? Am I just a moron?! She can’t just free roam around my place because she steals his toys, steals whatever she can find, and just has no chill still. 

Sorry for my rambling, I’m just so frustrated and with US holidays coming up, and her not being able to be alone at all anymore I don’t know what to do.

TL;DR: have two dogs of very different size. One is a puppy who has barrier frustration. Trainer says dogs can’t be alone unsupervised. How do I get around all this and get her more comfy in her surroundings?"
1746,DogAdvice,How much would you pay for a pet sitter?,"Hi all! So, we have 3 dogs and a cat, and they really haven't had to be alone for much time at all, aside from a couple hours to go to the movies or something. I work from home, and on weekends we take them \*everywhere\* we can (except for Kitty, because he hates traveling, so we try to limit needing to take him places).

So anyway, we have a Friendsgiving an hour away, and we haven't seen any of these friends since we moved this January, so I'm not sure how long we will be there, and it was really starting to stress me out thinking about leaving them for 4-5+ hours (especially our littlest, who is 12 lbs who has a tiny bladder and is super super attached to me), so I asked my younger sister (she's 21 and a senior at the university in town here - SUCH a good kid) if she'd be able to hang out at our house and hang out with them, let them out to potty, etc. I told her she could do whatever she wanted, sleep, study, netflix, etc, essentially just make herself at home. She agreed and said she's really excited to see them and spend time with them and I'm SO grateful for it. 

My big question is, how much would you pay for a pet/house sitter for 5-7 hours? Money is really tight for me right now, but I want to be sure to pay her fairly. Not only because I truly appreciate her help (especially on a Saturday when she probably definitely has offers to get turnt with her college friends), but also because I feel like as her older sister I feel like it's important to set a precedent in place to where she's expected to be paid fairly for her work. She and I have a lot of similarities and she's SUCH a sweetheart, but I spent a good amount of my 20s being essentially a doormat/happiness pump/people pleaser, and if I can help to set a different precedent for her, I'd really like to.

&amp;#x200B;

Sorry for the babble, but I appreciate your insight!!"
1747,DogAdvice,help!! my dog is severely bored,"I very recently had to leave my job at a doggy daycare due to managements lack of regard for safety, i took my dog with me everyday at work and she would wrestle with dogs, play chase etc for 6 hours everyday. Now she is incredibly bored, so much so she's stress panting and whining all day. I've tried puzzle toys, refilling her bones, playing tug and fetch, going outside with her and playing in the snow. Nothing is working, she's whining and looking at me like im a monster. I feel horrible and I don't know how to keep her happy now. Please help, she's not responding to anything."
1748,DogAdvice,Decreased food interest,"Looking for advice. 7 month old Goldendoodle/Lagotto mix recently stopped showing interest in eating, last 4 weeks or so. Vet examined him, checked stool sample, and blood work all came back normal. Still has energy and no change in behavior. Has started to loose some weight now too. We had him on Purina Puppy Dry and mixed it with the Purina Puppy wet. We've tried all combinations, wet/dry, adding water etc. no change. Tried mixing in with blue Buffalo lamb and oatmeal, same result. Looking for advice and or solutions please."
1749,DogAdvice,Swollen Pawpad,
1750,DogAdvice,extremely dominant and aggressive dog,"Hello, I hope someone can help me or give me some advice.. 

I try to make it short and sum everything up.  

My dog is extremely dominant towards other dogs and horribly territorial, I really think that this is an extreme case. I adopted him over a year ago , he‘s 2 years old , castrated and 17 pounds (tiny) , don‘t know his breed, he‘s a mix, but really really beautiful and cute and looks like an angel actually but if he gets angry, he turns into a devil. 

The first months were horrible, he became more and more reactive, went totally crazy when we came close to other dogs, he barked at everything and got aggressive towards me in those moments of rage. I was so so desperate, we live in the city and there are so many dogs here, it was impossible to avoid them completely. Going on a walk with him was horrible, at home I spent my time watching videos and reading stuff etc, I was so exhausted.. i couldn‘t afford a dog trainer or anything so I had to do it on my own, I tried several stuff from counter conditioning, worked a lot with treats, in the end I did a mixture of everything and it got better with time.. 

so now I can go on a walk with him and actually enjoy it (at least most of the time). He gets alonh well with little dogs , females in general , he‘s extremely dominant though and also insecure, sometimes even anxious towards little dogs which is absurd, because when he see‘s a bigger male dog (not castrated worst case) he gets totally wild and its difficult for me to control him. 
In most cases I can handle him very well but there is particularly one dog which is his hate object nr 1 and he becomes this evil rage machine , it‘s really scary actually. I can‘t call it aggression because it doesn‘t describe it at all. In that state I cannot do much. I tell him to STOP It, try to make him sit, making eye contact , which works with other dogs that he doesn’t like but not with his hate objects (that one dog and especially huskies) Even when the dog is not in sight anymore he marks the ground like crazy , growling at the same time, raised hair from neck to tail… 

today we had this encounter in the morning, he went wild, I tried but couldn‘t control him, he bit me in the leg. I was so angry and so sad because I thought that we passed that shit already, it was a huge relapse. most people find it funny when he gets angry because he‘s little and cute , he always has this beauty bonus. In the first months I always tried to find excuses for this behaviour(he‘s traumatized etc , he was abandoned) but I think it‘s his extremely dominant attitude which has nothing to do with the past. On the other hand he‘s the cutest dog, he really is. 

What is really concerning for me is the level of rage and aggression , he goes from 0 to 10000, it also happened that he got along well with a dog and all of a sudden he got mad and attacked the other dog without any warning. He’s so unpredictable and I’m afraid that he could seriously harm another dog. Of course other owners find it funny because “cute little dog gets angry“ “don‘t worry, it‘s ok“.. no it‘s not. another big problem is the vet. We were three (!!!) people trying to control and hold him for one vaccine. I don‘t know what happens if he gets ill and needs treatment … even the vets said it to me “this is not normal. We have seen extrem cases of nervous and anxious dogs at the vet.“ 

I tried to get him used to a muzzle, we trained that but he gets paralized as soon as he wears it, he wouldn‘t move .. i don‘t think that wearing a muzzle is the solution, I wish it was. He also rejects any kind of collar, he turns into a depressed thing, he only wears a harness for walks. Don‘t know what he went through and why he hates other dogs so much. 
At home he‘s cute and I‘m happy with him, he sleeps at his place, no begging at the table (of course he tries but he goes back to his place when I tell him) , no destruction or aggression problems, he waits for my commando to start eating , no extrem barking only when excited for something.. one vet said to me that I should not give him affection, no petting, no cuddling, only one place for him, all rooms forbidden, basically only nos nos nos.. i mean, this is not the solution right? We have rules, like I wrote above, but I don‘t think that something would change for the better if I stopped petting him. 

I hope this wasn‘t too much.. it would be nice to hear other experiences , maybe someone knows something, I would appreciate that alot! Thank you!!"
1751,DogAdvice,"Hiccups for hours, vomits sometimes","Three year old hound. Every other day, he gets hiccups and sometimes vomits. Not sure, but vomiting may stop hiccups.

Any idea why, what to look for, and other general advice?"
1752,DogAdvice,Puppy got her shots and now the bottom of her tail/back is bothering her A LOT. Is this just normal post shots?,"13 week old puppy got her second round and now she cries every time I pick her up or try and pet her. The sensitive area seems to be the bottom of her tail. Should I be concerned? Or is it just normal for her to have some tenderness around there after shots? I thought it would be more her hip than her tail. Was thinking about calling the vet in the morning but wanted to see if anybody else has had a similar thing with their dog. 

Another slight concern, she isn’t crazy about her food. All my puppies in the past have been food crazy and she just eats however much she wants (less than the bag suggests) and then walks away from it. She’s a healthy weight and is growing fast. Just curious if this is concerning or a good sign that she only eats if she’s hungry."
1753,DogAdvice,Growths on toes ( more in comments),
1754,DogAdvice,Watching a second dog for the holiday - Any Tips?,"Hi folks -- I'm watching a friend's dog for the week. My 1-year old pup and this 6-year old pup have met and socialized a few times (one at my place, a couple of times at theirs, and once out on a ""family hike"") and while they have different energy levels have played a bit and everything has been okay. However, I'd still like folks' tips/advice on how to make sure the week goes as smoothly as possible. I don't have guests over a ton, and though neither dog has shown any hint of being territorial, my pup is a little bit of an attention hog (in particular hogging any dog/human third party attention)."
1755,DogAdvice,My dog is acting anxious about being inside because of flies?,"I have a 10 year old lab/husky mix who has always been a very… emotional, dog.  He picks up on vibes, gets depressed if it’s not a nice day out, extra anxious with loud noises, etc.  However recently he’s been acting like he’s afraid to be inside.  At first we thought it was because his ear was bothering him but we’ve cleaned his ear up now and he’s still acting like this.  Then when he sees a fly he jumps up and runs off when it didn’t even really fly near him.  Flies have been getting in the house a lot lately but it’s getting to a point with the dog where he refuses to come inside and we have to chase him around the yard to leash him and bring him in after he’s been out for so long.  He’ll tremble and have his tail tucked and we can’t figure out how to calm him because we’re not even 100% sure it or the flies causing this reaction.  He isn’t afraid of them when he’s outside and they buzz around him but inside is different for some reason.  I just don’t know if maybe it’s the flies or if something else medically is going on with him maybe?  And then if it is the flies I don’t know how to calm him.
We just don’t know what to do and are really worried"
1756,DogAdvice,Spot appeared 10 days ago and is getting bigger.,This is a 75 lb neutered female lab. She doesn’t seem to notice this spot. It first appeared as the hair slightly lighter in color but now the hair is much lighter and very course. The skin underneath looks darker than the surrounding area. Anyone have an idea what this might be?
1757,DogAdvice,Small white lump on dogs paw pad feels like a little pimple,
1758,DogAdvice,Hard lump under skin of my 8 month old Great Pyrenees,Hi! New dog owner here. Got my 8 month old male GP about 2 months ago. He is an outside working dog on a farm. Today I noticed while petting him a hard lump about the size and shape of a lipstick tube on his left shoulder blade. I've never noticed it before and I spend a lot of time out there with him petting him. At first I thought it was a bone protruding but nothing similar on the other side. I pressed hard on it and he did not react so it doesn't seem like it is causing him pain but I am concerned about him. He is not limping or anything and is eating and drinking and acting normal. Any advice on what it could be?
1759,DogAdvice,"Dog ate paper muffin wrapper 1.5 days ago, seems fine but hasn’t passed it.","Advice needed- our 20 pound Westie ate a banana nut muffin wrapper Sunday morning (1.5 days ago). We have been monitoring her and she’s her normal self. She pooped yesterday evening and this morning and both were normal. Her appetite has been good.

Overnight she did throw up a little in her crate which she does from time to time (tends to randomly eat things on our back patio) and she did not poop yet this evening.

Is she ok if it doesn’t pass? Is it possible it is dissolving? It was just a standard paper wrapper on the muffin. We are supposed to travel for thanksgiving tomorrow and she is supposed to be at her daycare place for the week.  Not sure of what to do here."
1760,DogAdvice,3yo female was spayed 16 days ago. does her wound look ok? she is booked into the vets for tomorrow as she seems to still be in pain but I'm not sure if it's the spay or something else...,
1761,DogAdvice,Came home and realized my dog has the really big mark under his eye that appears to be a scratch any idea what this may be?,
1762,DogAdvice,"The dog has been vomiting whole food for two days, is it worrying? (Ate rice at lunch",
1763,DogAdvice,How do I build confidence cutting black dog's nails?,"This is just after a trim, and I trim regularly. But her nails are just so black!! I feel like I don't take enough length off, but I'm terrified of hitting her quick. I know the visual 'tricks'to determine when you're close to the quick but I still feel like a ball of anxiety trying to avoid hitting it. She also just has a stupid long quick, even when she gets professionally groomed &amp; has her nails dremeled they're still pretty long. She is good about trims, it's me that has the issue."
1764,DogAdvice,Leaking fluid from paws,"My 13yo boxer pit mix has some issues with swelling and fluid retention. He’s seen two different vets, one charged us $800 to tell us they don’t know what’s going on, the other said heart cancer and he would die in a few weeks. This was about a year and a half ago. Normally he swells up for about a week, then pees it all out. This time is worse, the swelling isn’t going down like it normally does. He is leaking a clear fluid from his paws, and it’s like a lot. The vet can’t get him in until next week, and I refuse to go back to the emergency vet who told us they didn’t know. I don’t know what to do for him, the person from the vets office I spoke to didn’t seem like she believed that he was actually leaking from his paws. What could it even be?"
1765,DogAdvice,Adorable names for a pomeranian/spitz?,"I'm getting a little boy on Sunday and need to think of names, he's a fluff ball and looks like a teddy bear.

I like names that are very cute sounding, I'm not a huge fan of human names unless it's something that it still cute like Koda, milo or has two names in one like teddy/short for Ted.

But yeah feel free to comment name ideas for my baby 🥰"
1766,DogAdvice,Do dogs always bleed when on their period?,"My stepmoms 1.5 y/o ShitPu has never bled, she’s shown other signs of being in heat though on occasions ie: licking vulva, enlarged/pinker vulva, hormonal changes like being extra needy, annoying my dog more etc.. it does all happen at the same time the only thing she’s never done is bled.  Just wondering if this is normal as my own dog was spayed when i rescued her and all previous dogs were male so im not experienced with dog periods. tia"
1767,DogAdvice,Can/should I introduce my puppy to my mom’s dogs and let him out in the yard?,"I just got a puppy (my first ever pup). He is 8.5 weeks old. I have a rescue dog that is 7 (I have had him for 2.5 years). I introduced the pup and my dog just a few days ago. They have been doing well together so far, though they are always supervised of course and are separated at night or when I have to go to work.

Its important to note that my pup is working on potty training using puppy pads and hasn’t touched grass yet (or really been outside). 

I am going to my parents’ house for Thanksgiving this week. My parents have two dogs and a large fenced in yard. My pup has had his first round of puppy shots (after which I introduced him to my dog). He will be getting his second round before I go to my parents’ house. 

My questions are, should I let him outside in their fenced in yard under supervision for a short amount of time (so he can touch grass and explore some) or should I keep him in the room I’ll be staying in, in isolation? Also, should I allow him to be introduced to my parents’ dogs? All of our dogs are up to date on shots and monthly flea/tick/work medications. I just don’t want to overwhelm the little guy and since this is my first puppy I wanted to ask. TIA"
1768,DogAdvice,OTC treatment for moist dermatitis in palliative dog,"Hi! 

My parents have an elderly shih tzu with heart failure, and while she's on medication for that, the plan is to let her go peacefully on her own time. Taking her to the vet upsets her so much that they just automatically refill her meds for her without visits, since the clinic doesn't do tele visits

She isn't fat but has this big fold on her butt, right above her tail, and from the smell and look of it, it seems to be moist dermatitis. While I'm visiting them, I'm gently drying the fold when I can, but I'm at a loss as to what kind of otc powder I can get for her. The vet won't prescribe anything without seeing her, I can't find anyone who will see a new patient over telehealth, and the only experience I have with this was resolved with Neo-Predef powder. 

She doesn't seem to be in pain, but I don't want it to get to the point where she is. Any advice?"
1769,DogAdvice,Is this type of play friendly? The neck stuff always makes me nervous so we give them a break when that happens but would love for it to completely stop,
1770,DogAdvice,"Interested in buying puppy, found out hes been taken away from mother early.","So I've had my heart set on this puppy from the moment I saw him, he's a pomchi currently 5 weeks.

Now I've been speaking to the breeders, and have found out he's been taken away from the mother early as she stopped producing milk.. I'm assuming around 4 weeks. He was given to them due to them owning the dad (the stud) which means puppy hasn't been completely alone and has had dad with him.

However, I am now very concerned.. this would be my first time owning a puppy and although I am going to do training I'm worried this may be a bad idea.

Is it likely he will have issues? He has been with dad"
1771,DogAdvice,Dog ear tip is bleeding,"Hello, 

My dog (1.5 year old hound mix) has had on/off scabbing on the tip of his ear for the past few months. At first, I dismissed it as a simple nip from another dog that he plays with, but it seems to reoccur in the same location on the same ear. He is not an outdoor dog, and is up to date on all his vaccines and heartworm + tick meds. 

The spot is small, about 4-5mm across, and bleeds occasionally. When it is scabbed over, it is a hard, crystal-like feeling that is noticeable. Additionally, my dog yelps a bit if I handle the scab. 

I cleaned it up with soap and water, and got these pics: https://imgur.com/a/jqBodtL

Any ideas what this could be? And, any ideas what could help? It seems to heal and go away, only to crop up again a few months later in the same spot. 

Thanks!"
1772,DogAdvice,How to start my dog in daycare?,"I have a 3 year lab/cattle dog mix. She is THE sweetest, kind, easygoing dog. However she doesn’t play fetch with any toy I tried, she doesn’t play with other toys she has, the two things she likes are dog parks (even then she is picky with the dogs there) or playing/running/walking with me. I usually walk her 3 miles a day and take her to the park for min an hour on top of that. However with winter coming up and daylight savings time, it’s now dark when we wake up and dark when I get home, I tried the dog park but there’s nobody there after sunset, and to top it off coyotes have been coming into the city and I’m scared to venture far in the dark. As it is, I can’t tire her and while she is a good girl and doesn’t destroy anything while I’m at work, I wanna make her as happy as possible and I see how full of energy she is on our walks.

So I finally caved in, did my research and found a good daycare. But I don’t know how to go about this. My dog and I have never been really apart, I occasionally ask friends to dogsit her but always at my place. She is very uncomfortable in new environments, twice we did sleepovers at a friend’s house and she was very agitated in the evening to go home, she even peed on the carpet and didn’t ‘speak to me’ the whole time. If we go on a day visit and I leave the room/house briefly (to go to the car for example) she barks and cries and tries her hardest to follow me. I know once she gets used to the daycare she’ll have a blast. As a puppy she had a lot of separation anxiety. So I don’t want to just take her to the daycare and leave her there and trigger something day 1. I don’t want her to feel abandoned. This is the primary reason I avoided daycares for the past 3 years. 

Any advice on how to go about this?"
1773,DogAdvice,Dog ate wrong medicine,"My 50 pound Australian Shepard takes 37.5mg of deramaxx daily. Well this morning while feeding her her medicine, my 16 Pound Boston ran in and ate it when she dropped it. Should I be concerned about this? That is a big weight difference and I know the medicine goes by weight."
1774,DogAdvice,My dog randomly stopped humping? Is this normal?,"Hi y’all! First time posting here. 

I have a 2.5 year old pug. Ever since the day we brought him home he’s “humped” normally once a day lol. He has a blanket that he likes to hump and he’s just always done it. Yes he still needs to be neutered, he’s never around other dogs but we still need to for health purposes. (I saw posts in a pug group about pugs somewhat commonly dying under anesthesia so I’m honestly just so scared.) Anyways, we went on a 4 day trip where we boarded him at the same place we always do, and he seems to do just fine there. Last time we picked him up, they told us he was humping his bed alot but this time they did not. We’ve now been back for 7 days and he has not humped his bed or blanket at all. Of course I suppose he could be doing it when I’m not home, but I’m home more often than not and he’s never seemed to desire the privacy before lol. All of his other behavior is normal (eating, peeing/pooping, playing etc) Obviously I’m not mad that this behavior has gone away, but I am worried and hoping it’s normal to just stop all of the sudden. My husband thinks I’m ridiculous for worrying but seeking some opinions. Thank you so much. 😊"
1775,DogAdvice,"Looking for general tips on how to resolve a situation with a neighbor, train my dog better, and know my rights with animal control.","Hello, so I have a 30lb dog that lives in an apartment complex. He is generally sweet and well behaved but he is a territorial barker and doesn’t really understand why so many people live right outside of our house. He has never attempted to bite anyone but he can sound very scary when he barks. He will pull on the leash and bark. We have has a few run ins with the next door neighbor and us leaving at the exact same time because our doors are 2 feet apart. 

Anyways she is fed up and scared of him even though he’s never done anything- she is claiming he’s tried to bite her on multiple occasions and reporting animal control because she claims we have no control over him. In my opinion this is just a straight up lie, but I could imagine how an aggressive sounding dog that we are holding on the leash might seem like he’s “trying to bite” when he’s pulling towards you. We have introduced them in the past and he always tries to hide behind us when she gets close. 

Regardless though, I want to be a better neighbor and curb my dogs excessive barking and territorial attitude because I’m aware it’s obnoxious as hell for everyone. Currently we do some treat training where we calmly sit him down and close his mouth and give a treat when he settles down, but it is not working fast enough. I think a muzzle is probably appropriate at this point if only for us to look better as far as taking action with the situation. I don’t think her accusations are fair, but I want to do more to be on the safe side. Has anyone dealt with any situations like this?"
1776,DogAdvice,What are some ways to care for dog with mast cell tumors?,"Hi all. I'm looking for advice from others who have had a dog with inoperable mast cell tumors. Back in June my dog (11) had surgery to remove one and it was a grade 3. Margins were clean and there was spread to one lymph which was also removed. Even after two different chemo medications, she's developed new tumors which aren't operable. She's not responding to chemo so we've decided to focus on her quality of life. The tumors haven't slowed her down. She still loves her walks, gets excited for dinner time, and wants to chase whatever little animals she sees in our yard. I want her to enjoy whatever time she has left. She's 11 after all. I'm working with my vet to keep her comfortable and happy. 

If you've had experience with this, what are some ways to care for a dog with this disease? My main concern is cleaning and caring for any ulcerated tumors. I know that my vet can advise me on this but I wanted to seek out advice and experiences from anyone who has gone through this.

Thank you!"
1777,DogAdvice,What should I do about my dog over the holidays?,"TL;DR leave my dog at an Airbnb close by, doggie daycare, or leave him at home but he’ll be alone for longer periods of time. 


Christmas is coming up and I’m still trying to figure out what would be the best way to take care of my dog while at family gatherings. Will be going to one family function on Christmas Eve, and another on Christmas Day. They are both close to each other, but far enough from my house that we will likely be staying over at my mom’s house for the two days.



My dog is quite well behaved when visiting other people, but can’t go to the Christmas Eve gathering because they have cats, and he can’t come to the Christmas Day because my sister has pretty bad allergies and a small baby, and is also scared of Coop a bit (he’s very sweet but very big and very hairy). I could probably fight to bring him but I don’t want my sister to be uncomfortable at Christmas.



Anyway, I’m not really sure what I’m going to do with my dog. He is really good 99% of the time, but will sometimes steal something and resource guard it, so I don’t feel comfortable leaving him at a daycare. We once got a friend to watch him for a week while we were on vacation and he was so bad, that my friend was literally scared of him and we had to get a family member pick him up midweek. (Had a different friend watch him once but that friend I guess was experienced with resource guarding so was able to handle it). But it seems like he acts up when he’s with unfamiliar people in an unfamiliar place. He usually is watched by my partners family when we go away (he grew up with them in that house so they never have any trouble) but they are going to be at the Christmas Eve gathering, and will have their own thing on Christmas Day. 



My mom has offered to watch him while we are away for Christmas Eve, but then I’ll still need to find somewhere for him to go on Christmas Day. 



Options are: I have booked a dog friendly Airbnb near my mom’s house that we could bring him to so we can easily go and visit / walk him a few times that day. Im just worried he will be really stressed in an unfamiliar house by himself and destroy something (he’s hasn’t had separation anxiety at our house). 



Or we leave him at our place and just go home each night but Coop will be by himself for two full days and I don’t think that’s really fair for him. 



There are also “doggie suites” in my mom’s area, sort of like a daycare, but alone. But you have to do a consultation as well as a “doggie daycare trial”, so we’d have to get that done before the holidays start. 



Ideally, my mom’s friend lives practically next door and we could potentially leave Coop there (she has a dog as well so it’s all dog proofed), but only if she is away for Christmas because while our dogs do get along, it’s still always a risk with two dogs in the same house. But it would be so nice if we could use her house because we could pop in and out super easily throughout the day and my family loves a Christmas walk. 



Does anyone have any advice, or tips? All is appreciated !!"
1778,DogAdvice,Slipped or possible ruptured disc,"Yelp of pain coupled with low and tentative mobility on Thursday, vet appointment on Friday couldn’t figure out what was wrong and we were sent home with anti inflammatory and pain meds. 
Went to emergency today as he was visibly distressed and vet immediately knew it was either a slipped or ruptured disc. Sent home with heavy pain meds and crating orders apart from toilet break every 4ish hours. 
If no improvement in 2-3 days he needs to have spinal surgery. 
I’m so scared, worried, paranoid and an emotional wreck. Has anyone been in a similar situation? Any happy stories? Please."
1779,DogAdvice,My dog (11 months old) cannot swim,"So let’s start this post off by saying I haven’t had her the whole time and was born during quarentine so had never left the house, so definitely had no idea how to even attempt swimming or what a beach was, but needless to say I was in the pool one day with said dog and carrying her to the edge just to test if she knew anything about swimming (which she didn’t, but was close to steps so it didn’t matter) and I let her go but was right next to her and she was moving her front legs but not back, and just ended up sinking, so any advice on how to help her how to swim?"
1780,DogAdvice,"Found a freezing pup outside, now what?","Last night around 1:30am, my friend and I found a pup wandering around outside, freezing cold, without a collar. We got her inside, fed and watered, a nice warm bath, and lots of pets and attention. She’s curled up, sleeping cozily now. 

I’ve never had a dog before… the largest animal I’ve had is a cat… and I don’t want to mess things up. So… help? 

I plan to take her to the vet tomorrow for a check up, and to see if she has one of those scanner ID chips implanted. If not, I’ll post flyers around my neighborhood to see if anyone is missing her. 

She was terrified, starving, and smelled like stale urine when we found her. And she’s got a kind of rust-colored rash under her neck where a collar should’ve been. She hasn’t really made any noise, and is incredibly sweet. She stopped shaking from fear after the bath, and even managed to have some playful tippy taps when she met my cat (who is not amused). 

No idea what breed she is… see the Imgur album below. 

Thank you for any help you lovely folks are willing to provide! 

https://imgur.com/a/4rLcS2I"
1781,DogAdvice,9 year old pomchi now has a bald spot,"Hi! A few months ago I had my dog groomed, and noticed she was then scratching a bit more often, I attributed this to the shampoo, and did some treatments as she has dry skin. She got wrapped up in my shirt a few nights ago, so I started looking at her back in an attempt to detangle her, and noticed this tiny bald spot forming. She’s not scratching the affected area, but she is licking it. Behavior is normal otherwise with no issues eating or drinking. Is there anything I can do to provide her some relief and prevent her from licking the area and irritating it further?"
1782,DogAdvice,"Dog paw lump from litel and white to big and red. Vet appointment scheduled, what might it be?",
1783,DogAdvice,Introducing new puppy (4 mos) to my dog (5 y/o),"We brought a puppy home during the first week of November. She's a Shih Tzu who came from a kennel, before being brought to the province where we went to get her. We decided to bring our 5 y/o dog (who's a Shih Tzu too) so they can meet at a neutral place. 

At home, the puppy often bumps into our Shih Tzu, runs towards her, and signals that she wants to play. Our Shih Tzu always runs away and asks my mom to carry her away from the puppy. Sometimes she goes up to my parents' room and hides just so the puppy won't find her. Do you have any tips on how they can get along better and how we can get our Shih Tzu to warm up to the puppy?"
1784,DogAdvice,"I got this from the Livestock section of my pet supply store. Biggest recommendation for a boofy doofus. It tastes bad so no licking and it is antiseptic so we don't need to worry about running to te vet over every minor cut or scratch. She does not like it, but accepts in exchange for chicken feet.",
1785,DogAdvice,Doggie therapy?,"I recently adopted a dog. She’s a 4 year old boxer, bulldog mix and she’s just the sweetest dog on the planet and she’s already so comfortable in my home. She showed absolutely no signs of abuse until today. My boyfriend found a switch blade earlier that day. We we’re standing in the kitchen while he was cleaning and fixing the faulty button that would release the blade. He got it working and the blade popped out. This poor dog went from laying contently on the ground to staring and the blade. She sat and looked at it for a minute before getting up, peeing herself, then hiding behind the table. She was still staring at us while I took the knife and threw it away. I went to get paper towels to clean the pee and when I turned she had her tail tucked, licking the urine. Of course she didn’t get in trouble for doing this. I kept saying in a gentle voice “what’s wrong?” so she didn’t feel like she did something bad. She is fully house broken and has always scratched at the door when she needs to go out. I had my boyfriend lead her to another room while I cleaned so she didn’t lick it anymore. This was extremely heart breaking to see. She’s such a sweet gentle dog. It there anything I can do to help heal this poor babies traumatic past?"
1786,DogAdvice,a doggie got hurt,"i dog sit at my home every now and then as a side hustle. i’ve recently started because i just moved into a home with a fenced in backyard. i have pet sitting insurance that i recently acquired as well. 
i’m watching my friends 2 dogs, 1 of which has known my dog for many years and they have played together a few times in the past. she asked me to watch her dogs while she goes out of town for holiday. 
earlier, i was supervising them in the backyard. they all have a similar energy level and play pretty rough. they were rolling around on top of each other, and suddenly one is bleeding profusely and i can’t tell from where. nothing malicious happened at all. turns out, the tip of the one dogs ear was cut, maybe from a nail or a tooth that was flailing around (like i said there was no malicious chomping action). dog ears are all veins and capillaries so the bleeding is intense and never ending. at first when i cleaned her up it was just a little nick, not even a CM long. she continued to fuss with it and shake her head every time i tried to clean it, thus opening it more, and eventually splitting it. i bought things to slow the bleeding and wrap it up, and put a cone on her. i’m taking her to the vet first thing in the morning and it’s going to cost me around $300. she’s not in any pain, seemingly, but i feel terrible. this has never happened before and it was a freak accident. i have kept the owner informed and she isn’t upset with me at all, she knows her dogs play rough and she mentioned she was surprised they hadn’t hurt each other before. 
is there anything i’m missing here that i need to do? will my pet sitting insurance reimburse me for the vet fees?"
1787,DogAdvice,Dog at 3 chocholate chip cookies,Im taking her to the vet tomorrow but my mom is freaking out. Is there anything else I should do
1788,DogAdvice,Four year old dog suddenly acting out?,"
We have a four year old Shiba Inu named Chai. We have had him since he was 8 weeks old, and he is generally a very good boy. Of course, being a shiba, he has his ‘quirks,’ but when it comes to training and behavior, he has been a very good boy for four years now. 

He has also usually shown to be very adaptable. We have moved a couple of times since we got him, and he has also adapted through a lot of job/routine changing. He has always readjusted extremely quickly and well, honestly he’s really a trooper. 

But, out of nowhere ( for him ), he’s starting to act out. I’d like to ask you all to keep open and understanding minds as you read this! And know that I have years of experience with dog owning and training, and I know ‘objective’ solutions for some of the issues we’re having — im just a little stressed and overwhelmed and wondering if anyone has any constructive insight!

We recently moved again, about two months ago now. And in fact, the place we moved into provides a much nicer situation for Chai. And as he usually does, he adjusted very very quickly to the new place! He was doing amazing. 

Until I started my new job, about three weeks ago. Before this, I worked a full time job, and Chai was very used to being in a crate when I was at work — my new job is no different. 

But since the very first night after starting my new job, Chai has been whining in his crate. He has /never/, truly never, done that before. Not even a couple years ago when our life was extremely unstable and we had almost no routine. Now, we are stable, and we do have routine — but Chai seems to have almost regressed? 

Since my fiancé is at home most of the time, Chai pretty much only has to be crated at night. I wait until the last possible minute before I go to bed to put him in there, giving him as much time outside of the crate as I can. He usually doesn’t go to bed til at least 1 am. I’ll even stay up later than I should just for his sake, since he suddenly hates being in there so much. He whines immediately when he goes in, and goes on for about an hour or so. And then, he whines again at like five in the morning, and continues to do so off and on until I get up. 

I’ve tried getting up to let him go potty, and then locking him back up, and he’ll keep whining, so I know that isn’t the problem. 

And again, this only started when I started working again. For the first month in the new house, he didn’t make a peep in his crate, no fuss whatsoever — which is his normal. But now he’s not only keeping himself awake with the whining, but he’s disturbing our sleep too, and I work a very mentally and physically exhausting job — needless to say, I’m definitely getting frustrated and confused. And very tired lol. 

Today, he has absolutely blown my mind with a new ‘regression.’ We use the Place command for him for when we aren’t able to supervise him — if one of us is nearby and can keep sort of an eye on him, he does as he pleases. But when we’re preoccupied and in a different part of the house, we put him on Place. Just like with his crate, he has always been an extremely good boy for years about this. He has always seemed to even enjoy the routine, he gets excited to go on Place and he loves to curl up and snooze. 

But today, he has broken Place /four/ times in a row. The first time I wrote off as a fluke, thought maybe he needed to pee, but I still put him back on Place and released him myself, let him outside for a while, and then put him back. 

A few minutes later, I heard the clicking of his claws on the floor, and I was a little flabbergasted. He really /never/ does this. I put him back on Place. 

This has happened two more times. He doesn’t seem to be attempting to do anything specific when he gets up, like he isn’t going to the door to get out, he isn’t sniffing around the kitchen like he does when he’s hungry. He’s just trotting around or lying on the couch or something aimless. 

I know I’ve rambled on, and I know, being a dog group, people will have some most likely strong, owner-attacking opinions 💚 ( I’ve worked with dogs and dog people for over ten years, and I know how dog people are — especially on the internet! ) I just ask, again, that you guys try to understand that I know my dog, I know how to work with dogs, and I know logical solutions to these problems. I’m just struggling to understand where they’re coming from. I have never ever expected a ‘perfect’ dog, there’s no such thing, and I’ve always been very understanding of the misbehaviors he has normally has throughout his life. But these new things, his very sudden crate training and place training regressions, are important things and they’re very tiring. If this were a new dog, or a dog I didn’t know, or a dog who I know has had bad experiences with these things ( etc ), it would make a lot more sense to me. But Chai has only ever known crate and place training, and if anything, those two routines have been the more consistently stable things that he knows!"
1789,DogAdvice,"Painful back paws, Shiba Inu",
1790,DogAdvice,Looking for the best dogs suited for an apartment! Thank you,
1791,DogAdvice,I have a 12 year old diabetic pug and just need any help moving forward for his health and well being. Anything i can research or any advice is welcomed. Ive had him since he was born. I just want the rest of his days as comfortable as possible. #doglove #veterinarian #vet #foryoupage,
1792,DogAdvice,What is this skin affliction? 13 y/o shitzu,
1793,DogAdvice,Cyst on paw? Advice.,"- epsom salt soaking doesn’t work
- limps, but still able to walk"
1794,DogAdvice,Weimaraner foot problem,
1795,DogAdvice,Puppy won’t eat,"Hi guys. I have a puppy who when she was little 2-3 months would eat like her life depends on it and now at 7 months I have to beg and barter for her to finish even a quarter of her daily serving size. She’s been to the vet regularly and she’s fine, just uninterested. Does it just taste bad? Am I spoiling her too much?"
1796,DogAdvice,Just need to vent,"This is Mabel. We agreed to foster her a week ago (our third dog, first time fostering). We think she was born on the streets, pregnant and delivered puppies a couple of months ago. LOVES people and other dogs. All good.

But she is extremely needy. Likes to jump on us to get attention. Regardless of what we're doing at the moment. She also playfully nips at our feet, shoes and sometimes arms. She's intense. 

The trainer suggested this wire pen and it's been pretty useful. The idea is to keep her settled in one place during times we can't play with her. She goes in willingly but whines once whatever treat we lured her in with is finished.

I feel for her and care for her, but she's EXHAUSTING. Hoping we eventually alter her behavior enough so that either we can keep her or get her placed in a loving home."
1797,DogAdvice,Is it normal for a groomer to buzz the hair off the testicles? This was only my second time going to the groomer and they didn’t do this last time. They buzzed so close they look raw. Is this ok or am I right to be upset?,
1798,DogAdvice,dog being aggressive ever since little sister arrived.,"we have had my rottweiler(rocky) for around 4 and a half years now and recently my little sister was born. ever since shes been in the house he hasnt taken to her at all, he always barks at her bares his teeth to her, marks on all her stuff and sometimes nips her hands when she gets too close and he even steals her food but he doesnt do that to anyone else. but today he really bit her, she was playing with her toys near the gate which he was on the other side of and one of her toys fell through, and when she tried to get it back he bit at her hand and her hand went all red and she was crying, i have never seen her cry like that unless she is seriously hurt. no skin was broken but she has never even touched him or harmed him in any way so i dont know why he would react this way, he is also rather aggressive to me sometimes when i have food in my hands and barks and growls when i am running around with my little sister and entertaining her. my mother refuses to even get him training even though he is so aggressive and untrained and i am sick of him biting me and my sister and barking every time the neighbours go out, sometimes he barks non stop all night when i have school in the morning and its starting to seriously get in ny nerves. please i just need some advice on what to do."
1799,DogAdvice,Are these things I should develop a training plan for?,"I've only had experience with an extremely reactive dog so I want to make sure I'm not overkill for this pup. And learn the difference between ""eh this is a minor issue I shouldn't micromanage"" and ""this is a real issue that should be tackled proactively."" 

We go on solo walks all the time and I introduce her to other people and other dogs. She's a little nervous around dogs but LOVES people. But sometimes she'll see (not meet) one person and just decide she doesn't like them. She doesn't pull or lunge. Just a clear sort of ""stay away from me"" bark. But it's so rare. Not even once a day that I'm confused on how to handle it. It's not even the same look, race, gender or clothing that sets her off though they trend more towards elderly women. And not even the same person every time. I've kinda of just let it slide as far as training. I apologize and we'll move to the side to let that person go through. Dogs are beings too right? They're gonna just not like someone sometimes like I do. But because she locks onto that person she doesn't like, it spooks them a bit. She'll do her one warning barking and then as they walk past she'll bark a 2-3 time more if I don't redirect her. Again, no lunging or anything. I often use treats to break her attention. But is that the best option? Because I am unsure how I can decrease her random, yet infrequent reactivity and make her more comfortable.

Final thing is her ""confirmation"" barking. She's otherwise very quiet and I live in an apartment. She sleeps in the bed with me and when I give her the command to come up to the bed at night, she does a single loud bark and comes over. Like a ""okay I hear you."" or ""On my way!"" thing. I'm worried it may wake up the neighbor in the middle of the night. During the day she doesn't confirmation bark like that. I don't get it. What are your thoughts on handling that?"
1800,DogAdvice,Bee sting? Spider bite?,"Two and a half year old female black lab ... phone call to her vet suggested an e-colar for a few days.

Bee sting, big bite, maybe?"
1801,DogAdvice,Nee sting? Spider bite?,"Two and a half year old female black lab ... phone call to her vet suggested an e-colar for a few days.

Bee sting, maybe?"
1802,DogAdvice,How do I curve this behavior,If anyone could help me curve this behavior I would really appreciate if anyone could help he charges on site but he is very friendly
1803,DogAdvice,Dog is weirdly aggressive,My dog has been with us for 3 weeks he is super friendly twords people and other dogs when me or my girlfriend are around when someone walks by in the house he will charge at them and then when that person Sudues my dog he is able to pet him and he’s very friendly how do I get this behavior to stop he’s a great dog he also shakes when this happens so I know it’s a fear response
1804,DogAdvice,"Abused Dog, AC Won’t Help","There is a very large family around the corner from my daughter’s house that got a large breed puppy about 6 months ago. From the day they brought the dog home, it has been locked alone in an outdoor enclosure. He/she is never taken out of this 6’x6’ enclosure. One side is chain link, and it is covered by a roof but still exposed to the elements due to the chain link side. 

My daughter and her GF tried speaking to the family there, but a language barrier prevented any meaningful dialogue, and they were eventually told to leave. They then called animal control, who came out and checked on the dog, and then told my daughter that because the dog had food, water, and shelter, and was not chained for extended periods of time that there was nothing they could do. 

I’ve walked past this poor animal while walking my daughter’s dog and it breaks my heart. He/she whines piteously and claws endlessly at the cement beneath the chain link gate. 

I have moved on to considering other options to liberate this dog. What is the right thing to do here, morally? The dog is well-fed and hydrated, it’s coat is clean and nails trimmed. However, mentally I am certain the dog is in unbearable anguish. It hurts me physically and I don’t know what to do. My daughter and her GF have started walking their dog in other parts of the neighborhood because passing this animal is too painful. 

What is the moral option here? How can I help this dog? We are in WA state if that helps."
1805,DogAdvice,How to correct my dog when she charges and barks at people.," Hi  everyone. I have a two-year-old lab. She's a wonderful dog. She was a  joy to train and i feel that I have very clear lines of communication  with her. She has a very balanced temperament (even though she was a  little timid in her first year) and handles 98 percent of interactions,  both with humans and dogs, very well. She has never bitten or shown  signs of aggression in any form other than what i describe below. She  also has a pretty rock solid recall. All in all, a very well-behaved and  good-natured lab. Not untypical.

However, lately a problem has emerged and i don't really understand what causing it or what to do about it when it happens.

I  should say firstly for context that i'm from the UK and this happens  while off lead in the park. In UK parks, it's generally permitted and  understood that dogs will be off lead. There are very few dog specific  parks. The park in question is very, very large.

In  short - Very occasionally, she will charge and bark at people. I know  that she would never attack, but of course the people on the receiving  end do not. She has a pretty scary bark and when she bares her teeth I  appreciate that she could be pretty frightening. She will charge and  stop 5 feet from them, take the space, hackles up and intensely bark a  few times and then return to me. It strikes me very much as 'get away  from us!'. When it happens, she ignores her 'Stop' command (which  usually makes her stop and sit immediately) and ignores her recall  command. This usually all happens in 5 seconds or so.

I've  noticed a few common triggers - People who are concealed and then  reveal themselves, for example, from behind a tree. Also people who are  behaving erratically. Occasionally (and hugely embarrassingly) people  whose faces are covered with veils. It also happens when people have bad  energies. For example, sometime i will spot someone a little physically  intimidating or something walking towards us and even though i don't   change my behaviour or signal my nervousness to her, she picks out the  same person and barks.

I think  there is a logic to it from her perspective. It seems pretty defensive  in nature. However, in my book, this is unacceptable and there is no  excuse. Especially to ignore her stop and recall commands.

Do any of you guys have any thoughts on what this new behaviour might be about and how to best deal with it when it occurs?

Thanks so much.

(edit - Happy to answer any questions in the comments)

#"
1806,DogAdvice,How to correct my dog when she charges and barks at people.," Hi  everyone. I have a two-year-old lab. She's a wonderful dog. She was a  joy to train and i feel that I have very clear lines of communication  with her. She has a very balanced temperament (even though she was a  little timid in her first year) and handles 98 percent of interactions,  both with humans and dogs, very well. She has never bitten or shown  signs of aggression in any form other than what i describe below. She  also has a pretty rock solid recall. All in all, a very well-behaved and  good-natured lab. Not untypical.

However, lately a problem has emerged and i don't really understand what causing it or what to do about it when it happens.

I  should say firstly for context that i'm from the UK and this happens  while off lead in the park. In UK parks, it's generally permitted and  understood that dogs will be off lead. There are very few dog specific  parks. The park in question is very, very large.

In  short - Very occasionally, she will charge and bark at people. I know  that she would never attack, but of course the people on the receiving  end do not. She has a pretty scary bark and when she bares her teeth I  appreciate that she could be pretty frightening. She will charge and  stop 5 feet from them, take the space, hackles up and intensely bark a  few times and then return to me. It strikes me very much as 'get away  from us!'. When it happens, she ignores her 'Stop' command (which  usually makes her stop and sit immediately) and ignores her recall  command. This usually all happens in 5 seconds or so.

I've  noticed a few common triggers - People who are concealed and then  reveal themselves, for example, from behind a tree. Also people who are  behaving erratically. Occasionally (and hugely embarrassingly) people  whose faces are covered with veils. It also happens when people have bad  energies. For example, sometime i will spot someone a little physically  intimidating or something walking towards us and even though i don't   change my behaviour or signal my nervousness to her, she picks out the  same person and barks.

I think  there is a logic to it from her perspective. It seems pretty defensive  in nature. However, in my book, this is unacceptable and there is no  excuse. Especially to ignore her stop and recall commands.

Do any of you guys have any thoughts on what this new behaviour might be about and how to best deal with it when it occurs?

Thanks so much.

(edit - Happy to answer any questions in the comments)"
1807,DogAdvice,Can this be food allergies.red around mouth ?( vet on Tuesday marked already .),
1808,DogAdvice,Is it normal for chihuahuas to have breathing problems?,"I had my 2yr old chihuahua checked from the vet, her cbc and xray all normal. But she constantly wheezes, reverse sneeze at night, snores, and she can't properly bark without coughing."
1809,DogAdvice,"How do I tell my dog, I don't know how to help him","I don't know exactly what's wrong with him, but I can tell he's not whining for the usual reasons. He's desperate and he's doing so much to try and get me to see him. Yet it seems like no matter how much I reassure him or notice him, it doesn't take long for him to get back to his usual tricks.

He's probably in pain or has an infection and the closest vet is closed until probably tuesday? So I can't figure out exactly what's wrong.

I just hate to see him like this. He's really trying. This is a serious problem. How do I tell him that I just can't solve his problem right now?"
1810,DogAdvice,Are antlers/hard bones bad for dogs teeth?,Are harder bones such as antlers or no split type bones (ex. Benebone) bad for my dogs teeth?
1811,DogAdvice,Should I be socializing my 2mo and 2yo old? 2mo bites too much.,"Recently got a 2month old golden retriever, I have a 2 year old Bichon who is admittedly not socialized but is other wise very well behaved save for some of the basic commands we just never taught her. 

2 year old has never dealt with other pups besides her littermates, obviously. I don't know what her relationship was like with her mom or the backyard breeders we got her from.


2 month old comes from what seemed to be reputable breeders, they checked off most of the ""ethical breeder"" checklist. The breeder warned us that Golden is ""anti-social"" and likes to have her own space. She seemed worried we wouldn't like that and really encouraged us to get the other pup. 


Personally, I don't see any insecurity or aggressive habits in this new puppy. She is just a typical puppy with shark teeth and learning boundaries. She is quiet ""introverted"" , however, and regularly get irritated with our Bichon being too close. 


Bichon is usually high energy during playtime, darts around and wants to go hard. So for a while we had to remove *her* because she was overwhelming pup. 

Now, it's the Golden we have to keep separated from Bichon because all she wants to do is *bite*. My Bichon has completely kept a distance, sits with my husband or in another corner and is incredibly tolerant of Golden when she does get a hold of her tail or lip. 



They do want to play at times. But I feel like I can't let them because Bichon will just get bitten. It's like the first thing my Golden wants to do.. and I don't know that my Bichon has it in her to ""correct"" or teach bite inhibition because I can't let them play for longer than two seconds. 

My Bichon has actually gotten an *eye* infection because Golden always goes for the eyes.


Like, I don't think I can let them even sniff each other unless they are about to go to sleep. 

Am I hindering behavioral development and their relationship if I keep them separated at all times? My Bichon wouldn't hurt the Golden, I'm worried she'll lose an eye. 

I do try to play with Bichon separately but she is just SO obsessed with Golden that she won't play with me. 

What could I be doing wrong here? Should I just keep them separated until pup is older? 

Also, any YT videos or resources on how to acquaint new siblings and facilitate boundaries would be appreciated."
1812,DogAdvice,"Picky 18 year old chihuahua not interested in food. I feel like i have tried everything. Homecooked, raw, canned, rotisserie chicken etc etc. She will eat a few bites and then isn’t interested anymore. Anyone have any advice or tips that have helped them?",
1813,DogAdvice,"Does my puppy need a haircut? I’ve realized I have no idea what I’m doing grooming wise. He’s a mix but obviously has some wire haired/terrier in him, how do I care for his coat? Is his fur growing in front of his eyes annoying for him? Can I cut it or should I take him to a pro? TIA for any advice!",
1814,DogAdvice,Anyone know what this spot is? Vet said it was either a bug bite or allergy. Gave us mupirocin ointment to treat but he got another spot somewhere else so just wondering what could be causing it.,
1815,DogAdvice,Severe separation issues. What can I do?,
1816,DogAdvice,Biting,Can puppies grow out of  biting? And how do you train them not to?
1817,DogAdvice,Dog has been acting weird (Don’t be rude).,"So yesterday morning my dog poop on the floor near the door. He knows and is trained to ring this bell on the door when he has to go. Then this morning when I woke up I saw that he peed and pooped near the door.. Then while i was in the shower he peed AGAIN on his bed. This is very odd behavior, I am a little worried. He’s been eating, drinking and sleeping (acting normal). I don’t know if i’m just over thinking but i don’t know. Last night he also started this thing with his mouth, like it was something bothering him. Almost if you got a piece of food stuck in your braces. He just kept trying to get something out, moving his tongue around oddly and even tried using his paw to get “it” out. Not sure if it’s a coincidence or really something. What’s going on? Or what possibly could be going on?? Should I take him to the vet?"
1818,DogAdvice,Crate trained. Winston's room..when the house gets busy.,
1819,DogAdvice,Post-op amputation rescue,"Hello all. Yesterday, my wife and I brought home a foster-to-adopt rescue. She is an 8-10 month old Anatolian Shepard who is 16 days post-op single rear leg amputation. She was found as a stray and transferred to the local SPCA where they determined her rear leg injury was irreparable and required amputation at the hip. We were told that they also performed a Spay procedure prior to the amputation. They did not send us home with any pain medication for her which I found odd, as I can only imagine she is still hurting. We did get Trazedone but from my understanding, that has no pain-killing effect and only serves to keep her calm. She has displayed anywhere from mild to moderate aggression towards my wife and one of our other dogs. All were seemingly random woth no common themes as to what would cause it. My wife tried adjusting her e-collar prior to bed and she gave a defensive bark and a attempted snap. That was the worse aggression display thus far with the other being mild towards my other dog. He will be minding his own business and she will start quietly growling as if she's just annoyed he's there. She has yet to show any aggression towards me or our other, oldest dog. 
My question is, do you think this is because she is in pain still? I can only imagine so but this is our first time having any issues with an adoption or foster process."
1820,DogAdvice,My Dog Isn’t Allowed Inside. It’s 47 degrees.,I don’t know what to do at this point. My dog has an igloo in the backyard but that’s not enough to keep her warm. My parents see her whining and shivering and jumping on the door/ scratching the door but they don’t care and they won’t let her inside. She’s a medium sized dog and I feel so horrible that she has to be outside in this cold weather. Is there anything I can do? I ask them if I can keep her in the garage and they even say no to that.
1821,DogAdvice,"How is this walking schedule for a medium sized, lazyish dog?","4:30 am - outside to just pee/eat after

5:30 am - 30 minute walk around neighborhood

3:30 pm - outside to just pee and go to our apartment’s dog park for about 15 minutes

5:30 pm - 30 minute walk, different route from morning route usually

9:30 pm - pee outside before sleeping

He is a medium sized dog, kinda like a corgi sized. He is lazy but does like his time outside. I’m not sure if I should increase his walking time, we have been reintroducing walking to him since he had a spinal injury a month ago. Vet gave us the okay and he has been fine with his walks, just wondering if I should give him longer walks."
1822,DogAdvice,My dog has a cone shaped head and neck and we cant keep her collar on,"I've tried to get a good photo of the issue. The problem is she is a healthy weight. She is a corgi mix so she is naturally thick. Her head is small and her neck is wider than her head. I would really have to choke her to keep her collar on. Im not worried about taking her outside. She wears a harness she can't escape from but i am worried that one day she will accidentally run out the front door and her collsr wont stay on and no one will be able to identify her.

I am hoping someone will be able to help me keep her in a collar. She never intentionally tries to get it ofd but every once in a while it comes off. Ill just come home and the dog will be naked."
1823,DogAdvice,Christmas with a dog that loves to eat paper!,Anyone have a solution for me? I’m so scared we will spend our Christmas chasing him for wrapping paper and tissue paper!!
1824,DogAdvice,"Dog just had splenectomy few days ago, are gums looking good?","&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/fad5zhmur41a1.jpg?width=3024&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=53d8c4665b02d4b2281cdb7f33acd0d241e88a69"
1825,DogAdvice,Does anyone know what this red spot on dogs lip is? Doesn’t seem to hurt or bother her except she’s licking her legs a lot.,
1826,DogAdvice,Questions about playing rough and neck safety,"Some context about my dog Buttercup who is the predominant cause for this post; she's a Pitbull-Boxer mix with some other stuff in there somewhere, about 6~7yrs old, and the sweetest dog ever when it comes to people, other dogs, and cats. We've had her since she was 2yrs old and she was a mommy before we adopted her.

Her favorite game is playing Tug of War, especially when you get competitive and make her fight for it and play keep away. Ever since I've started playing Tug with her, (when I was 14 and we had just gotten her) to this day, I've slowly become more and more rough and competitive when playing with her. I don't mean that as in being mean to her, but rather, making it harder for her to ""win"" and play fighting. While playing, I'll frequently shove her around, pick her up and swing her via her holding onto the toy, and get her in face growling and wrestling with her. She has never ever intentionally HURT me while playing like this, only nipped at my hand accidentally or lightly (didn't break skin or truly BITE me) when I really deserved it.

I wanted to make this post because I'm wondering if it's safe to play with her like this. Soon as we stop playing, she'll be sweet and gentle as always, and she seems to genuinely enjoy the rough housing and competition. But is there any chance playing with her like this could be teaching her to be aggressive, even when it seems like she's having fun and still sweet as always? And I'm also concerned if there's any chance giving her a tough time and doing stuff like swinging her up into the air while she holds onto the toy has any chance of causing any serious harm to her neck, teeth or spine. I love playing rough with her and me and her both seem to genuinely enjoy it, but if it might hurt her or cause her to become aggressive I'd like to tone it down.

TLDR; I play rough with my Pitbull-Boxer and she seems to have fun and remain the sweetest dog ever, but I want to ask if it's bad to do this and if it could possibly injure her."
1827,DogAdvice,"PetSafe Stay &amp; Play Compact Wireless Pet Fence for Dogs &amp; Cats, Waterproof &amp; Rechargeable Receiver Collar, Covers Up to 3/4 Acre for Pets 5 lb+ from Parent Company of Invisible Fence Brand.if you want to buy this product link given in comments",
1828,DogAdvice,Irritable skin in ears/groin/between paw pads. He had really bad ears at one point and had a course of steroids/food changed which helped no end. It’s crept back in though not as bad. Any recommendations? Thanks,
1829,DogAdvice,puppy having accidents help!,"
So I have a 6mo puppy. Potty training of course was one of the first things I trained her . She did amazing she only had one accident in the house and by the third day of having her she was running to door when she had to go out. Now it’s like she forgot everything. she’s peed in the house (after just being let outside) she’s pooped in the house 3 times I don’t know what is going on! She just got spayed 11 days ago and is healthy. Im not sure if it is that regression age since she’s at 6 months. But please help! And it’s not every time she will still whine at the door when she needs to potty but not every time. and the times where she pooped in the house She had just went outside and didn’t give me any warning that she needed to go back out. thank you!"
1830,DogAdvice,6mo pup having accidents,
1831,DogAdvice,HELP. How to I patch this until we get to the vet tomorrow?,
1832,DogAdvice,Has anyone used Gallant?,"If you don’t know it’s stem cell banking for your cat,dog and i think now horses. The most common approach is to use the discarded tissue from when they get spayed/neutered then the vet sends it to the company where they extract the stems cells then freeze them for use later on for health conditions that may arise. Instead of using medications to ease symptoms the stem cells may be able to repair whatever is going wrong. 

[Gallant](https://gallant.com/pricing/)"
1833,DogAdvice,"My dog Kadabra is a 5 year old siberian husky. I noticed today his gums/lips look more pale than I ever remember seeing, but maybe I’ve just never noticed? He is eating and drinking normal, no vomiting or diarrhea. Do you guys think these look normal?",
1834,DogAdvice,freezing bland diet?,"I’ve asked the medical coordinator a million questions already so I’m coming here first. I don’t see anything wrong with what I did but I probably should’ve asked first. 


My foster is on bland diet for diarrhea from parvo/meds so i’m doing boiled chicken and rice, absolutely no salt or seasonings. 


I took her food bowl, put in the chicken and rice, added some of the water from the chicken and froze it. She’s been eating so fast I’m afraid of her puking so I figured this was a good way to slow her down. 


does this affect the bland diet at all? i might sound stupid but i want the best for the little one."
1835,DogAdvice,Dog Coat Help,Does anyone know of a brand of dog blanket/coat that is fully adjustable (looks more like a horse blanket) and also has a slit along the back for a leash? I moved two FL dogs to snow country NY so they are cold but I can’t find what I need anywhere and my back yard isn’t fenced yet so they have to go out on their harness still. I have an awesome Rambo dog blanket I wish I could use but no leash access.
1836,DogAdvice,Dog eating seed pods,"My 2.5 y/o Aussie seems to be eating seed pods. And they are messing up his gut. We’ve been to emergency vet after he started vomiting. He got better with meds and special food. We thought it was isolated incident but he threw up a big clump of them yesterday.

We hike a lot on trails is wooded parks. Sometimes he gets these in his fur and I have to get them off. Otherwise he chews at them. Our house has natural wooded areas he uses to do his business. I think he sees these pods and thinks they’re treats or something. I have been observing him and see him nip at a plant and then chewing. He’s so fast! I’ve yet to see him actually eat one for sure. In fact I don’t see these pods on plants. 

We’ve started keeping him on a tighter leash and away from deeper brush.

Is this a thing? Any advice? Hoping it’s seasonal."
1837,DogAdvice,Best way to avoid random dogs?,"So this morning at 6 am I took my Pomeranian out for a little bathroom break to my backyard when suddenly a random pit bull who somehow got into the backyard jumped at my little baby and tried to attack him but backed down when he saw my face. I was too scared to do anything else but grab my pom and run outside. Luckily my dog was untouched, all I remember is that the pit bull had a blue collar on. Where it came from I have no idea. 

I’m just angry and scared to know that my own home isn’t safe from someone’s random dog in my own backyard. I been thinking that I should first go outside and check behind stuff like trees and cars to see if there’s a hidden dog before I let my dog do his thing. My neighbor just has so many owners who let their dog go loose that I have to be the one to overcompensate. 

This makes me worried so much."
1838,DogAdvice,Can I do anything to help my dog grow her winter coat fast?,
1839,DogAdvice,does this spay incision look OK?,
1840,DogAdvice,Socialised dogs as puppies regress to being very defensive around new dogs,"Hey guys, 
I have two dogs of working breed. I have had them since they were 3 months old and raised them to be very social at the dog park. They did well socially but earlier this year they spent about 6 months with my dad's dog who would chew them up and bully them. Since getting them back, they are very quick to snap if other dogs get into their face and try to bite strangers patting them on the lead.

These are behaviours they didn't used to display. I think they've experienced trauma and I want to help them get comfortable with greeting new dogs again. 

So far I've tried taking them to the dog park without the ball so they're forced to be social but it didn't have an effect after two weeks. Does anyone have any advice?"
1841,DogAdvice,How hard work is a puppy?,"Me and my boyfriend really want a puppy and we have been doing a lot of research on the breed we are considering. My boyfriend has experience with puppies growing up but I’ve only ever been around trained adult dogs. People say having a puppy is like having a baby, you’ll loose sleep and it’ll be hard work. We are fully prepared to give this puppy or all love and attention, I’m 26 and he is 29, no children and work from home. But how hard is a puppy and what advise do you guys have?"
1842,DogAdvice,Extremely reactive/anxious dog - feel like I’m running out of options. Please help!,"Apologies for the long post. My dog (14 month old Romanian rescue) is constantly over threshold when outside, as in he will bark at nothing, whine, lunge and growl on a constant basis. He’s aggressive towards dogs and people. No aggression issues with visitors to the home. Generally speaking, he’s content in the home (apart from barking). I’m not exaggerating when I say he will spin and bark at the top of his lungs at nothing. I understand he will smell things I can’t but this is 80% of the time outside. 

Neurological condition: I got him at 6 months old but was unaware he was suffering from a spinal subluxation - before the vets thought attacks were “anxiety” - he was hospitalised, had spinal surgery, crate rested for three months. I’ve taught him to walk and do all of his basic functions again. Last month he was discharged from the neurologist and physiotherapist. No brain damage has occurred, only neurological deficit is his mild ataxia. 50% of the time I’ve had him he’s not been allowed outside. 

I’ve worked with a trainer and two behaviourists and have seen zero improvement. In fact, due to spending most of his time inside as he will immediately freak out, he’s worse. Both say he can’t meet other dogs without using graded exposure, but have people had success muzzling their dog and letting them meet a calm dog? He used to live with dogs in Romania but now he can’t see/smell one without wanting to kill it. 

Medication: is on gabapentin and fluoxetine, no change from either. Vet wants to prescribe trazodone but has admitted they have no idea. Seems weird to me because he’s ataxic. I live in UK and have been told Zoloft is seldom used. We use diazepam occasionally but limited impact. Do people have positive experiences with Zoloft ? Considering a veterinary behaviourist but we’ve spent over £15,000 on vet bills. It’s absurd.

I’m attempting to contact other behaviourists but all say the same thing: do gradual graded exposure. Yes, in theory that’s great, but there’s no starting point. The others suggest using a muzzle to shut his mouth so he can’t bark and then click train (wtf is wrong with people) or using a collar for corrections. He can’t use a collar due to his surgical implant. 

If positive behaviourists don’t help, medication so far hasn’t helped and my vet/current behaviourist don’t know what to do, what is left? 

I live next to the beach so it’s a challenging area to control due to dog/foot traffic. I currently attempt training at stupid hours of the day in an attempt to avoid triggers, but he still barks at nothing. I love him so much but attempted to rehome him for his own good, I’ve even contacted specialists who run facilities for dogs who can’t be homed, all have said no because he would be bullied due to his condition. I know this isn’t a good environment for him but for understandable reasons people and organisations won’t take him. I feel forgotten. 

I’m constantly heartbroken and the last 8 months have made me severely depressed. I’m considering euthanasia but don’t want to do it. I saved his life and am his rock. 

Any suggestions, medication, behavioural, specific behaviourists in the Uk, or anything else really, is hugely appreciated. If nothing else, thank you for reading - I suppose my boy and I are both in crisis."
1843,DogAdvice,Dog bite,"I didn’t see any rules saying i cant post this, but I understand if it gets deleted.  TW- mention of dog fight, wounds, injuries. 

I live with family, and we have 6 dogs total, 2 are mine, two belong to sibling a (sibling a doesn’t live with us but dogs are here), one belongs to sibling b, and one is my moms. One of sibling a’s dogs (dog a1) resource guards everything, (but mom refuses to feed dogs separately) and has gone after 4/5 of the other dogs, who did nothing in response. 

A few months ago, dog a1 went after one of my dogs. She ended up going after him and we had to take dog a1 to the vet. 

This morning, dog a1 went after my dog again, and we had to separate. Everything had calmed down, so we didnt crate either of them. My mom and I were sitting on the couch, and dog a1 was between us. My dog came walking by us and he tried to to after her again. My mom moved her arm in front of dog a1 and my dog bit my mom. It was a severe bite, and my mom ended up needing surgery. 

Where i live, i am able to self quarantine my dog, so she’ll be separated for ten days. Ive already arranged a foster for her after the quarantine is over (she was vaccinated in august so she is current), but what do i do from there? 

Sibling A hasnt lived in the house for almost a year but refuses to take her dogs. She lives in a pet friendly apartment and my mom paid her pet deposit. Dog a1 has had these issues for years, but no one has done anything to fix it or listens when i say his issues will only get worse as he gets older

Im not in a good place financially to move out, but i feel like that may be my only choice to keep my dog. The fight they got into previously was the first time shes ever gone after a dog before, and shes never shown any reactivity/aggression with people."
1844,DogAdvice,"Are they playing or fighting? The mother seems to be playing, but the puppy looks stressed. Is it normal or should I stop them? (Ps. All the growls/barks are from the puppy)",
1845,DogAdvice,My dogs won’t stop fighting.,"We have had my almost 2 yr old GSD (male, neutered) since he was 8 weeks. We just adopted a 9 month GSD pup (male, not neutered yet). We’ve had the pup for a week and a half now. 

The first day I brought the puppy home they were fighting for 8 hours and I had to take work off the next day cause i literally got no sleep with them. Since then the fighting is slowly getting to be less, but it is still fairly constant. 

Most of the time the fighting is playful. But after hours it still gets annoying. My older dog has gotten mean a couple times but that gets shut down immediately. Even after wearing each other out completely one of them will walk by the other and they start fighting all over again. 

I try separating them sometimes so they can get “breaks” but this is not realistic to do constantly. I will give them distractions like toys or kongs but as soon as they don’t want those anymore it’s back to the same thing. They wear each other out until they are basically passing out from exhaustion and falling asleep very easily. I just don’t know how they sleep for 20 mins and are back at it again. 

I know my older dog is doing this more out of showing his dominance and establishing that. The pup is usually just doing puppy things like nipping or being curious of the older dog which sets him off again. Like I said they do get disciplined if either of their behavior goes too far and I feel it is mean.

Is fighting like this almost all day normal behavior? If it is when will it calm down to a reasonable amount? If not, what can I do to make this better?"
1846,DogAdvice,Anyone knows what this plump ball is on my dogs neck?,[removed]
1847,DogAdvice,Rash cause for concern?,My dog has a rash in his groin area on both his left and right sides and also some in between his paws. We think it’s from anxiety licking when he’s in his kennel at night. Should we be concerned about this?
1848,DogAdvice,How does it look,"I posted the others day about her 4 days post op she got spayed Monday. Everyone said it looked fine but I was gone for two days and my parents watched her told them to not let her jump or run.

Just wanted to see if it is still good looking there is a lump to the left of it. She doesn’t look in pain or act and she eats fine. 

I am a over thinker so I stress  could it be a hernia or is it normal."
1849,DogAdvice,Little ball on his neck has grown in the past month.,[removed]
1850,DogAdvice,Alternatives toys for a dog banned from bones,My dog has never cared much for toys. She’s not interested in playing fetch very often &amp; tends to rip apart any stuffed toys or bones that aren’t “power chew” nylabones or equivalent. Her vet said she has 2 fractured teeth &amp; can no longer chew her bones. We need to find something new she would like and don’t know where to start. Suggestions?
1851,DogAdvice,Where should I go for rehoming a dog who is aggressive with strangers but very loving with family?,"My parents took in a dog of a family friends who is the absolute sweetest boy with family and people he knows. He is cuddly and loving and basically like a golden retriever. But when he sees strangers he goes crazy and he has nipped two people since they’ve had him. 

He does fine outside in public with people. The main issue is he is very protective of the house and his family when he is on their property. A defense dog if you well.

They love him so much but they don’t have time to train him properly to socialize him. He is great with other dogs and plays fine with them. But he just needs a home to be able to run and get his energy out. They don’t want to bring him to a shelter. But I’m afraid my mother wants to put him down after the incidents. Thats my last resort EVER. 

So any advice on other routes to go? Places to search for the type of home he needs?"
1852,DogAdvice,Anybody can give me advice to what this is ??,
1853,DogAdvice,I just got a new puppy and have a 1 year old Pomsky. I can’t tell if they are playing or not? The puppy keeps making a yapping noise and sorta like a snarl but puppy sound is that makes sense. Should I be concerned?,
1854,DogAdvice,At a fork in the road,My dog has been crated at night since she was a little puppy. She’s 2 now.  She has developed a habit of waking up extra early and banging on the crate to get out. Nothings wrong she just wants to lay in my bed with me. It’s disturbing my sleep. I never wanted her to sleep in my bed all night for a few reasons. For those whose dogs sleep with them how do you have “private time” with your partner? Is your dog ok being boarded since they are used to sleeping with you? How did you train/transition from the crate to another sleeping place?
1855,DogAdvice,I am at the emergency vet rn - what could be the cause of the below symptoms?,"Brought my 9yr old blind &amp; diabetic pug/chihuahua mix to the vet due to:

-vomiting 4 times in the past 24 hours
-not eating
-had not gone to the bathroom
-very lethargic

They took him back and the vet tech said they noted:

-low temp (95 degrees)
-labored breathing
-also noted lethargy 
-other vitals are normal

She told me they have him under a heat lamp/blankets to bring his temp up. She didn’t offer any other explanations, but he is classified as “urgent” (out of stable/urgent/critical). There are two other urgent cases ahead of him.

Any advice, speculation, etc. while I anxiously wait at the dog ER? Im hoping for some consoling information, but also want to be prepared for anything."
1856,DogAdvice,Help with choosing a bread,"I live in an apartment, I like going for walks but also chilling on the couch. I am trying to figure out a dog breed.

I almost adopted a dachshund mix today but someone else got him. I am currently eying a black mouth cur mix but I don’t know if that’d be a good choice.

Any advice?"
1857,DogAdvice,Possible skin infection?,
1858,DogAdvice,Why is my dogs nose so dry?,I called the vet and they didn’t seem too concerned about it. I bought some cream that I’ve been putting on it but it’s not seeming to get better. Should I take him in anyways?
1859,DogAdvice,New Behavior in Senior Dog- should I be concerned?,"I’ve had my dog since he was 5, and he’s now 12. He’s a neutered Australian Shepherd (possibly mixed, but idk) and has always been very calm and not one to really play. He was a medical alert dog for his former elderly owner who passed away which is why I took him in. He was very under socialized and over weight, so it took a lot of training and attention to get him healthy and used to being around other dogs. He’s now very social, loves to walk and exercise, but again, doesn’t play with toys. I work from home, so every day we walk the beach and he gets a lot of mental and physical stimulation with me, my husband, and my kid. If I go anywhere, he usually comes with me, and only shows anxiety when I have to leave him. He loves everyone in the family, but he’s MY dog, and basically my shadow. I’d describe him as a Velcro dog.

Over the last few weeks, he has been getting really antsy in the evenings to the point where he will play with toys with me. It’s been really nice to see his playful side, since every time I think about him being 12 I get really sad, since I know Aussies usually live 13-15years. He has no current health issues and his vet says he’s in very good shape for his age.

Here’s the (possible) issue: when we get into playing, or when he sees me play with my daughter, he starts trying to hump me. He has never done this before to people or dogs. When we used to go to dog parks, he was always submissive. If I’m sitting on the floor he starts digging around my legs and eventually pulls my leg towards him and mounts up. Even when I move away he’ll keep humping the air until I scratch his back and then he kinda snaps out of it. I try to keep the playing to fetch, since any tug of war or wrestling type play gets him humping.

I’m the only does it to me, nobody else. My concern is that this behavior could be a result of a health issue or could lead to a more concerning behavioral issue. I haven’t been able to find anything online as to why a 12 year old dog would suddenly start humping after never doing it before. Thanks!"
1860,DogAdvice,My pug woke up one morning with a weak right hind leg.,"He just woke up in the morning and seemed to be favoring his left hind leg while walking around the house and not putting weight on his right. You can see he is skipping and trying not to use his right leg in the video. He is showing no signs of pain and it still walking around. When I pull on the right leg he actively pulls vs with his left he kinda lets it happen. I’m hoping this isn’t beginning stages of pug myelopathy, just so weird how he randomly woke up like this."
1861,DogAdvice,How do you decide on a dog to adopt from a shelter?,
1862,DogAdvice,Just witnessed my neighbor's dogs getting into a fight and one of them seems pretty wounded. My neighbor isn't coming back until Monday.,"My neighbor has two  dogs -males, greek shepherds- who are always in the garden. He has a big garden and he has build a dog house for his dogs there.

So, the dogs seem to have a weird relationship with each other. One minute they're cuddling and the next they're fighting. It's very common for them to fight and it usually starts when something triggers them. They bark at a thing/animal/sound that triggered them and somehow they end up fighting pretty bad. I have talked to my neighbor about this and he seemed to consider it a normal thing like it's no big deal. 

Tonight I was walking my dog. Unfortunately, I can't avoid his house, so I have to pass by his dogs with my dog, who makes them bark, which sometimes leads them to fighting. Just like every time, when me and my dog passed by they both ran to the rails and started barking and then, they started fighting. One put the other down but I paid them no mind. I just moved on because I have seen them fighting before.

However, when my dog and I returned from our walk about 30 minutes later what I saw concerned me. One of the dogs, the one who was down, was still lying there and the other was standing on top of him doing nothing just standing there. When the one still standing saw us he ran to the rails to bark at us just as he usually does but the other did not move. The other dog kept laying there only moving his eyes to look around. When I walked closer, I saw blood on the side of his neck. I couldn't tell how bad the wound was because it was dark but the dog moving nothing but his eyes looking scared makes me believe it was quite bad. 

My neighbor is not home. He's usually away during the weekends and he returns on Monday or Tuesday. I have no way to contact him because I don't know his number and despite searching him on social media I couldn't find any profile matching his name and face (sounds creepy but I thought I could try reaching him on Facebook or something)

I went by his house 15 minutes ago. The wounded dog is still laying there and he now moves his head a little bit still looking very scared, while the other, the one that bit him, is lying next to him (it looks like he is protecting him/staying on his side but I am not expert). 

So, what do I do? Can I call anyone? The dogs are pretty aggressive to anyone trying to enter their territory, so I doubt anyone can approach them. I thought about calling the police but what if they put the dogs down? And if my neighbor finds out I called the police to his house while he was away, he is going to get angry and he is not a person one can reason with. 

I have contacted a group of volunteers who help dogs in my town but they haven't answered my messages yet. 

Is it possible the dog could die from the bite during the night? Should the dogs be separated? What am I supposed to do in cases like this? I feel helpless. Should I just contact the police and hope for the best? (according to the law here, the police can intervene in cases of animal abuse and they can take the animal away)."
1863,DogAdvice,I was told she was border collie/spaniel mix. But she has short legs and a long body. Is she corgie as well?,
1864,DogAdvice,What breed is my dog?,
1865,DogAdvice,Do dogs not know what their fart is?,My dog has started farting quite audibly lately. But every time it happens her ears go forward and she looks for the source of the noise which is her rear end and she has a surprised/confused expression. Similar to what happens when a large object drops unexpectedly next to you and you are like woah! What was that? Does it not occur to her that the sensation of a fart and the noise is connected?
1866,DogAdvice,Advice for Fleas?,"Hi everyone! I have an English Pointer with a short coat, and recently I keep noticing stray fleas on her? I know they usually say if you find one then there’s bound to be more, but I seriously don’t know whats going on because I check her coat and I never find more than one.

I give her the liquid solution for preventing fleas (the one you apply onto their coats), and I bathe her with dog shampoo which includes mint and other stuff said to repel fleas. I don’t brush her regularly even though I should. I’m really out of ideas on why she keeps bringing back only one flea, is this normal? Is there any explanation for this, and how can I prevent fleas?"
1867,DogAdvice,"Vet appointment isn’t until for another two weeks, but this area keeps getting worse. Any advice on what I can put on it to soothe it?",
1868,DogAdvice,I’m ruining out of options and my mental health is getting destroyed!,"About 8 years ago my life completely changed! I was scrolling on Facebook and saw a post of someone that was needing to rehome a chaweenie and without any questions asked (stupidly) i volunteered to take the male dog in.(huge mistake) The past 8 years I’ve been having to multiple times a day clean up after he uses the bathroom EVERYWHERE!! I’ve legitimately tried everything I’ve taken him to behavior classes, I’ve done positive reinforcement, I’ve done scheduling his bathrooms and eating times, I’ve tried potty pads( he refuses to use it), I take him outside constantly (he refuses), I have gone as far as making him diapers (his body shape requires suspenders) and the dog doesn’t care he will pee and poop in them constantly! If it wasn’t for my fiancé  I would (sadly) taken him to the pound (because my mental health is getting destroyed by the dog and he has ruined my house and has caused serious problems in my relationship) but my fiancé is obsessed with the dog about 2 years ago my fiancé gave the dog a tiny piece of hamburger and the dog choked and legitimately almost died (he straight up passed out) my fiancé was able to remove the meat from the dogs throat and the dog regained consciousness but ever since that happened my fiancé has developed extreme anxiety and he constantly thinks the dog is sick and dying (nothing is actually ever wrong) and obsesses over it!! Also not only has the dog destroyed almost every square inch of the carpet in my house (it’s all been removed) and destroyed couches, beds, rugs, clothes, and many many other things but also gets into trash cans rips them open! This dog also will climb threw rings of fire if he thinks there is a tiny microscopic piece of food anywhere! I’m going completely insane I want to pull my hair out sit in a corner of a dark room and cry I can’t handle it anymore!! I should probably add that my fiancé doesn’t help me clean up after the dog he would just leave poop and pee and trash until I clean it up!! I desperately need advice I don’t know what else to do!! I can’t stand this anymore my other cat and dog (both really really good animals) and I don’t deserve to suffer because of this dog!! Please no hate I’m going threw enough!!"
1869,DogAdvice,Behavior issues with our 9 month old corgi after realizing he was taken from his mom too soon,We got our little corgi in May of this year he was 8 weeks when we got him. We live in a border town and we got him from across the border. As he started to get older we started to realize his behavior issues (we figured this was because my boyfriend and I were in between places of living at the moment). Fast forward to now he’s very anxious and we are still having behavioral problems with him. We also neutered him hoping that would help and if anything we feel as if it’s gotten worse with him “marking his territory “ especially. We want to get him in some training classes but our financial pockets are a little tight right now. Any advice?
1870,DogAdvice,Hearing loss,"Hello! I have and 11 1/2 year old great dane. Recently, he has been exhibiting a signs of deafness (not listening, excessively vocal). I originally thought he was just getting stubborn in his old age. However, over the past few weeks I started thinking he might be deaf because he wouldn't even notice when visitors were at the house. It seemed happen almost overnight. He went to the vet and she said there was some fluid in his ear and performed a hearing test (making a sound behind him with a chime?) which she said he didn't respond to. She said it was likely due to age. I wasn't the one who actually took him to the appointment so I'm not sure why nothing could be done regarding getting rid of the fluid or what it was from.

I feel like he can still hear to some degree though. If I say ""do you want to go for a walk?"" Or ""do you want to go for a ride?"" He gets attentive and turns his head to the side like he always has. This works even if he isn't looking at me. 

So does this mean he can still hear to some degree or is he detecting familiar vibrations? Like right now he is napping next to me and I said his name.. He seemed to twitch a little but didn't wake up.

Also, any advice on whistles or perhaps vibrating collars to help get his attention if needed would be greatly appreciated."
1871,DogAdvice,Diarrhea and Insurance Question,"Both fun topics, right? My dog is a frequent flyer on the Hemorrhagic Gastroenteritis plane. He hasn’t had a bout for over a year but would insurance consider any diarrhea or GI issues a preexisting condition? 

And is it the same thing with dental? He needs a cleaning right now and I know they won’t cover it but will future annual dental and teeth issues be a problem with whoever I go with?

Trupanion is currently the lead in my initial research but this worries me."
1872,DogAdvice,"My dog was vaccinated twice for rabies by accident, is that okay?","My 10 month old pup had his rabies vaccine 6 months ago. Apparently some records in the vet office were messed up so he ended up receiving one again today. Is that okay? I was told he should be fine but I want to make sure. Thanks!

By the way, he is a 10-month old mutt and weighs 60 pounds. He is very healthy and experiences loose stools chronically and sporadically."
1873,DogAdvice,Special Thanksgiving dinner.. what to give dog!,Hello! I want to give my dog a special thanksgiving day meal. She is 40 pounds and loves a lot of things. Can I give her the inards of the turkey? Does it have to be cooked? Do you have any other ideas for food I can give her? Thanks so much!! And no she is not on a raw food diet if that matters? The most raw food she gets is some raw carrots and green beans and apples. Thanks!
1874,DogAdvice,"Dog is having allergic reaction, how much is too much Benadryl?","Pretty much the title. My boy just had an awful experience at a groomer and is also having an allergic reaction. He is super sensitive with a bunch of allergies (even some type of grass, cleaners, proteins, etc) so having a little bit of an allergic reaction isn’t uncommon. I want to give him some Benadryl to calm him down and help his allergies - everywhere online is saying to give him anywhere from 50 to 75 milligrams because he’s 75 pounds. Is that too much? Seems like an awful lot to me."
1875,DogAdvice,A weird-looking poop,"Our dog (1y5m, 6 kilos) had a weird-looking poop (see pic). It was firm but had yellow small chucks in it and was covered in slime, transparent to pinkish in places. This was her second poop for the day, the first one in the morning was perfect, and she has never had similar slime in her poop before. Right now she looks normal. Also, we happened to be at the vet for a regular check-up and worm and flea treatment 2 days ago and were told she is in good health. She sometimes chews away parts of her plush toys and is always trying to lick/eat anything she finds on the pavement during her walks. Any advice on what that poop might be caused by and whether we should run to the emergency vet or just wait and see how she is doing would be deeply appreciated."
1876,DogAdvice,Neighbor’s aggressive dog won’t stop fence fighting,"I have two dogs and a fenced in yard. My dogs live inside and I let them outside (supervised) for an hour or so a day to play with them. 

My neighbor’s dog is an aggressive pitbull and who lives outside 24/7, barks all night and bites my dogs through the fence when my dogs are peeing. The last fight that happened, I had to break it up and I got injured. There’s never a safe time to let them get their fresh air. I have also witnessed their dog mauling another dog through the fence

I don’t feel comfortable walking my dogs in this neighborhood, there’s several stray dogs and irresponsible owners who let their dogs roam. I’ve seen several stories on nextdoor from my neighborhood from people claiming their dogs got attacked by loose ones in the neighborhood. 

What’s the best course of action here? I’ve considered leaving a note in their mailbox about their aggressive dog, I’ve considered calling animal control, I just don’t want any retaliation from my neighbors"
1877,DogAdvice,Dog completely ignoring huge post-op surgery incision,"Hi all! My 44-lb Staffordshire Bull Terrier just had a tumor removed on his hip. The incision is 6-7 inches long, very lumpy and ugly and noticeable. However, he can't keep a cone on no matter what type we try, so we've just been observing how he acts without a cone. But, we've been with him 24/7, and he has not so much as sniffed the incision, let alone scratched it. Does this mean he's truly not bothered by it? Or does it hurt so bad that he doesn't want to touch it? He's usually a neurotic mess so I was expecting him to tear into it immediately... Anyway, just want to make sure there's nothing to worry about!"
1878,DogAdvice,To rehome or not to rehome,"Hello. I have a major dilemma here and maybe someone could give me insight on my thoughts to solve it. I would like to not have to rehome my dog by any means.  But. 

I am looking at starting a career change.  I’ve hit a sudden and unexpected brick wall in my life and things are about to change dramatically.  Where I currently work I take the dog to work with me.  She is almost never ever alone as she goes everywhere with me work or not.  This job is unexpectedly ending.  As a result I am looking at relocating to a new city, and starting a career as a plumber which is something I’ve wanted to get into.  Apprentices do not make much for the first or second year.  I’d be selling my home and besides apprentice salary, be living from the house sale until my monthly income gets higher and I’m once again in the green.  At which point I’d probably down payment a house with what I have left.  

The dilemma is that to keep the dog I am going to have to leave her home during the day.  I can probably spend the 200-300 a week hiring someone to come in halfway through the day and give her a walk.  I’d also walk or run her before and after work.  This would get expensive, but I could do it assuming by year two or 3 of apprenticeship my salary would increase and I’m not at a deficit each month.  Without the dog, I wouldn’t be in a deficit at all.  

But the money is only one thing I worry about.  The main thing is leaving her alone so much.   I hate the idea as she’s never spent much time alone.  There is a co worker currently who has a family with kids and a dog who might be open to taking her.   The dog absolutely loves this guy and she also loves kids and other dogs.  His wife is stay at home.   Kids are homeschooled.  She would have a good life.  

I’m seriously torn what to do here. It isn’t an easy decision by any means."
1879,DogAdvice,Worms?,"Vets closed until Monday, she’s been having diarrhea the past couple trays and today saw these, are these worms of some sort?"
1880,DogAdvice,any idea on how i'm to take my dog out to potty when it's cold and raining?,
1881,DogAdvice,Spay,"My 8 lbs long hair dachshund got spayed yesterday. When I went to pick her up they let me know some reason her spleen was by her stomach area &amp; when they cut open they cut her spleen as well. They assured me they did extra blood tests &amp; precautions to make sure she’s OK. Antibiotics for 2 weeks for the spleen &amp; pain meds for 4 days for spay. 

I’m just curious if there is anything I should do!? She does not want to be alone &amp; not really wanting to drink water by herself (out of my hand only). I’m just worried about the spleen….should I follow up with her vet in 2 weeks???"
1882,DogAdvice,How to stop a mother dog from regurgitating food for puppies?,"The pups are 14 weeks old now. I feed them the recommended amount of kibble 4 times a day. However, their mother won't stop regurgitating her food to them. She has done this since the pups were 6 weeks old (they were fully weaned at 10). She also starts bringing them her chews now. While it's great to see she cares for them so well, it's not good for her to be puking all the time and the puppies aren't supposed to get to eat so many chews. Does anyone have any idea how to stop her?"
1883,DogAdvice,Can beef cheek rolls make dogs poop pale?,"My 35lb pup chewed up a whole 8in beef cheek roll (one of the white ones) and he’s had pale tan poop for 1.5 days, is this normal? Considering getting blood work done at the vet to make sure it’s not a liver issue. He is acting totally fine, eating, drinking, playing, and going to the bathroom like normal. Poops are firm."
1884,DogAdvice,"what is this called? vet appointment on Tuesday, but they are curbside and sending videos has never worked.",
1885,DogAdvice,Heartgard meds side effects making my dog very sick,"So every month we dread the day we have to give the little guy some Heartgard. He cries at night and in the morning from the bellyache, loses his appetite, has diarrhea, etc. he’s just very uncomfortable every time. I’m not sure what to do to help ease the discomfort and make it less intense for him. It’s only a few days that get bad but I want to ease some of the side effects. 

Any tips?? 

Also is it normal for him to feel that shitty for a few days after?"
1886,DogAdvice,Medical advice regarding palliative care for an old puppy,
1887,DogAdvice,My dog just bit her groomer :(,"She's a year and a half old and is normally very friendly with everyone, people and dogs alike. She loves children when we see them out walking

We have noticed for the past month or so when we tell her to go outside for a pee before bed she has turned around and snapped if we attempted to touch her, so we don't touch her we just raise our voice and she relents and goes outside to pee. I felt awful when this happened as I never want to put her in a situation where she feels like she needs to bite, so I don't.

She's been going to the same groomer every month since we got her and they always say she has been difficult to groom and hates all of it, but never any aggression. I tried to help her by bathing her at home sometimes, using the hairdryer etc and she's great with me. I bring her with me into a small room in the house where she can't escape my hairdryer and I don't need to hold her or force anything. We play with toys while I dry her and she doesn't care.

Today they were trying to dry her, one person had the dryer and the other was holding her still and attempted to put a towel over her (apparently they do this to calm them but I've never heard of it). She 'freaked out', turned around and bit the groomer. She didn't break the skin but bit her quite hard.

I guess my question is - what should I do now to be responsible to her and to others? Can she be around my niece supervised? Should I avoid that groomers? Is it better to just groom her myself from now on?

We are keeping an eye on her in case there's a health reason, but I honestly think she's fine and I understand why she reacts how she does. She's such a great dog in every other way, and I'm just really sad this happened"
1888,DogAdvice,Is it appropriate or disrespectful to walk your dog in a cemetery?,"Just wondering. There’s a beautiful cemetery walking distance from my house with pathways all throughout that I’ve passed by and thought it would be a nice walk for the pup, but I don’t want to be disrespectful. Obviously I wouldn’t let him run around, pee on tombstones and I always clean up after his poops. Just wondering where people stand on this."
1889,DogAdvice,Owners of diabetic dogs: Does your dog nighttime hypoglycemia look like this?,"My dog (Female Yorkshire Terrier, 11 years old, Name: Lluna) is currently getting tested for possible diseases including diabetes, but the blood test results won't be available until Monday. For the last week she's been losing a lot of hair and the last 2 days at 19pm aprox she suddenly starts shivering and exhibits very low energy throughout a 20-30 minutes period during which I feed her 5ml of honey water with a syringe because she seems to get better after that, then she goes to sleep and the next morning she's full of energy again. 

If there's anyone reading this who has a diabetic dog, I'd appreciate if you shared your experience with me and gave me some advice, I don't sleep at all because I'm scared and constantly checking on her.

Should I wait until Monday test results or bring her to the ER? What worries me the most is that after the episodes, she will act as normal as If nothing had happened."
1890,DogAdvice,"Small dog owners, where in your home is your dogs bed/crate for sleeping at night?",
1891,DogAdvice,Small white pimple like lump on pad ? Feels slightly rough,
1892,DogAdvice,My dog keeps licking his paws. I'm not sure if this happened on a walk or because he licked it raw. more info in comments!,
1893,DogAdvice,How to clean teeth of 3 yr old GSD we winded up with?,"Long story short: 
I winded up with her as a foster fail and I believe her teeth needs cleaning but she won’t let anyone come near her mouth.
How do I introduce brushing teeth to her?

Details:

I’ve been a cat person all my life.
Both my cats passed after 16 &amp; 18 years of wonderful company.
A year after, I volunteered to temporarily host now-our dog, because she was abandoned by her owner and his parents were going to put her in pound.  The dog pound employees guaranteed that she’s be put down b/c they had no room.
We tried to re-home.. no one would take her.
So she’s ours now, vets, trainer … etc.  

It was an ordeal to get her to accept her new home and we LOVE her. 

She loves us now… a lot!"
1894,DogAdvice,Cone/e-collar alternatives,"I just had my 6 month old border collie neutered and he is freaking out about the cone. Does anyone know any DIY alternatives? I’m in a rural area and can’t get anywhere to buy an inflatable one and to have anything shipped would be a week at least. He really wants to lick so needs to have something to stop him doing so. Suggestions? This is my first time having a dog as an adult and everything until now has been smooth sailing, now he’s so miserable and anxious I don’t know what to do and I feel awful."
1895,DogAdvice,Any Idea What This Could Be?!,
1896,DogAdvice,Need help asap - dog barking at strangers when they turn to leave,
1897,DogAdvice,My dog is only eating cheese (please help),"I know I posted like yesterday but i’m worried and there is an update. So my dog with pancreatitis hasn’t been eating, generally I can get him to eat a little meat here and there but not much. I remembered his favorite food was cheese and took out some fat-free (he has pancreatitis) slices, but the issue is that is all he will eat. I’ve tried sneaking meat in and folding the cheese over it but when I do that he either eats around the meat or just spits it back out. I’m worried because he’s getting really skinny and I don’t think any dog can live on fat-free cheese alone."
1898,DogAdvice,Dog acting weird after leaving him with neighbour,"Just to be clear, I dont think there was any abuse involved. Ive known my neighbour for a few years now and I've seen him and obviously heard him in the back yard with his own dog before she passed away, he's got a very kind heart towards animals but I am also confused at why my dog is acting strange.

We have a Deerhound x Staghound and my partner and I have started working similar hours so hes pretty much left at home for 8 hours alone instead of the original 2.5 hours and it has been stressing me out a bit. My neighbour offered to look after him during the day when we're not home which seems like the ideal scenario. His wife is sick so he doesnt get to leave the house a lot so the company is probably good for both of them.

I left him today for a couple of hours whilst i worked a half day for a bit of a trial period, gave my neighbour the run down and the do's/dont's and was on my way. Thanks for reading the rambling just wanted to clarify the situation and scenario. 

Home now and he seems to be acting a bit aloof and depressed. Is this normal? Have I just upset his routine? I think this will be a better routine in the long run. Is it fear of abandonment or something? I'm very lost and would love some answers on whether or not im doing the right or wrong thing. Thanks"
1899,DogAdvice,Please help me with math,I went to the vet today and my sweet baby needs to lose a little weight. He should be eating 550 calories a day. His dog food is 380 calories per cup. How much should I be feeding him in cups??
1900,DogAdvice,Year old dog throws herself against crate and stomps in poop,
1901,DogAdvice,Border collie 😍💙,
1902,DogAdvice,Am I a mean dog mom?,"My dog sleeps in bed with me, and I can imagine she jumps in bed with me when she wants to be close to me, but when she brings her toys in the bed, I tell her “down.” I only do this cause she always chews them on top of my blankets and rips up the bed coves and the bed. Does that make me confusing or mean? I know she wants both her toy and me… but I can’t allow both"
1903,DogAdvice,What does their body language mean? What was he (the dog) trying to do?,
1904,DogAdvice,Dog won't play with her toys anymore,"Hi, I'm not totally sure if this is the appropriate place to ask this, but I'm wondering if anyone has any advice. I have a 5 year old female husky that I've had since she was 7 weeks old. Of course like most huskies she's pretty high energy, and has always chewed on and destroyed toys since I got her. Her favorites tend to be string toys (that I monitor bc she's bad about trying to eat the string), stuffed animals (that I get very rarely bc she destroys them so fast and makes a huge mess), and cardboard, which she mostly just likes tearing up.

Back at the end of July I made a big move. This was clearly pretty hard on my dog. I lived with someone else before and there was another dog in the house that we got when she was about 3 months old, a female border collie. This border collie lived with us and my husky for 3 years (we got her when my husky was 2). 

When I moved the border collie went with the other person. I moved into a much smaller place and simply could not handle two dogs right now, especially two high energy dogs. 

Not only has my husky become a lot more anxious and needy (she clings to me and follows me room to room, which she never did before. She's affectionate but never like this) but she basically won't touch her toys anymore. I even got her a stuffed animal when we got here and even now months later it's intact. She licks it sometimes but that's about it. 

She eats and drinks normally, was in total health last time i took her to the vet, she still loves to go on walks and play with other dogs when I can manage to get her to a dog park, but she will not touch her toys. 

The combination of the anxiety and lack of interest in toys has me a little worried since she hasn't gotten better in all this time. It also makes caring for her pretty difficult as she seems to struggle to entertain herself at all and wants attention from me, and especially exercise, 24/7. I do what I can but I have my own stuff to do, and quite frankly some days after having already walked her a few miles and trying to play with her (which she's not really up for at my apartment either) I don't have the energy or interest in more play time. 

I'm going to be in this apartment for a while longer. I was wondering if anyone had any advice as to what I could do to get her to actually play with her toys again. I've tried rotating her toys, tried getting her new things(new rope toy, stuffed animals, rubber ones) but the only ones she has any interest in are new bones, and even those she gets bored of pretty quickly. I can't exactly afford to just constantly buy her new bones she barely even makes a dent on anymore every week. 

I thought at first she just needed more time but we're coming up on 5 months now of this. I'm not sure what to do to help her."
1905,DogAdvice,"My dog doesn't listen at all, what do I do?","Just got a pomeranian dog mix. She's about two years old. I named her Izzy. She's more like a family dog really rather then just mine. Well, I've had Izzy for four months and she still hasn't learned the basics! She doesn't get up when I call her inside the house, but for some reason she'll get up when called outside. And it took me a month for her to start trusting me. I gave her treats but she wouldn't eat them and it took the two months for her to eat them! But, she doesn't like the treats enough for me to train her to do things. Like, for my other dog I'd give him a treat if he sat down. But Izzy is way too lazy to do anything of that sort. I don't know what to do. I don't know how to control her when she's so lazy she won't even get up for a treat! What should I do?"
1906,DogAdvice,My Dog Keeps Regurgitating His Food,"Hi r/DogAdvice. My dog is a 2 year old neutered male corgi. He is a pretty vomit-y dog in general, so at first this didn't raise too many alarm bells (he has been to the vet for vomiting three times and they never could find a reason for it). For the past three days, he's been regurgitating some or all of his food a few minutes after eating. Not every time, but at least once per day. It's not always all of his food (sometimes it is) but 50-75%. He is pooping like normal, has plenty of energy, drinking normally, and doesn't seem lethargic at all. He is acting completely normal, other than the regurgitating. He also has a slow feeder, but I'm not sure if it's actually effective at slowing him down since it's the same bowl he's had since he was a puppy. We haven't changed anything in his diet or anything like that. He does have allergies and we give him Benedryl on days it's really bad, but he hasn't taken any for a week or so. We are going to try and find a vet that can take him before the holidays, but our normal vet is completely booked. My only thought now is that either a) the slow feeder is not slowing him down enough or b) he's anxious. 

Does anyone have any advice? Or thoughts? Anything we can do to help him?"
1907,DogAdvice,Looking for some insight as to what this is please.,"20kg, 7yo male. It's tiny, felt it under my fingers when I was giving him a stroke. It's on his back leg and is skin coloured. Could it be just a skin tag?"
1908,DogAdvice,Uncomfortable around aggressive akita,"I live with my parents and my old dog who is a mutt. They bought an akita 2 years ago. My parents aren't good dog owners and haven't trained her at all and she is out of everyone's control. The worst thing is she is aggressive toward my dog and has fought her several times to the point where she leaves her bleeding and traumatized. Sometimes she'll growl at me too and I'm not comfortable being around her. I'm looking for a place to move out where I can bring my dog but it's hard to find a place at the moment. My parents refuse to give the akita away; I don't even think she would allow to be given to someone else, she's so stubborn and hard to control. I wish they hadn't bought her and I don't know what to do. I'm still looking for a place but it could take months. Any advice?"
1909,DogAdvice,2 Dogs moving in together?,"My boyfriend has a 1 year old Doberman &amp; I have a 9 month old Jack x Pom .. they are both male dogs. They’ve played with each other since we’ve both gotten them at around 4 months old - we see each other every day &amp; we go out to the park so they can play with each other every day &amp; they play together very well. 

We’re currently away on a road trip with both dogs, it’s the first time both dogs have a sleepover &amp; the first night was definitely rough. They were so hyper and excited that they only fell asleep around 2am. Since then they’ve been a lot calmer but there’s been a slight incident. My bf’s Doberman was smelling my dogs bum and my dog went to do the same thing when my bf’s dog just snapped at him and bit him as a warning.. it’s the first time that’s happened. My dog was fine. It just also happened a second time, out of nowhere my bf’s dog just snapped at my dog and now he’s just by my side, sitting down underneath my chair &amp; not walking around anywhere. Whenever my bf’s dog comes close to him, he just puts his belly up. My dog is just staying by my side and I can see he’s scared. 

In an event like this what can I do? Because I know the cheerful and happy dog that I have so I hate seeing him like this. We were hoping in a few months to move in, how do we adjust both of them into the same house? What useful advice should we know? 😰"
1910,DogAdvice,Dog's eyelid,
1911,DogAdvice,5 y/o Dog has randomly started peeing in the house - advice,"So we adopted a shelter dog in 2019, she was fully potty trained, never made any accidents, knew tricks, etc. the only issue we faced was she had separation anxiety and she couldn’t be left home alone in a cage . 
We came home and  she had peed on herself, had saliva covering her body and her cage. So we never left her in a cage after that. 
Just recently we’ve noticed that whenever no one is home, even for an hour, she pee’s. It’s only in one area of our home and it’s ALOT of pee. We do let her outside before we leave but that never helps. She’s never done this before and has been left home alone countless times and this never was an issue. Like I said It’s only when she’s left alone for any period of time. 
I’m scared we may have to get rid of her because she will not stop peeing, our floors are peeling up from how much she is peeing on the floors. 
What should I do to correct the behavior, could it be a health issue? 
Thanks!"
1912,DogAdvice,What can I do to treat this.,I recently took my dog to the vet to be neutered and a week after he started getting this infection on his eye. I don't know if he got it from the vet visit. Or was this from his medication he was taking. Image attached
1913,DogAdvice,How do I get a dog to understand that a purr is not a growl?,"My dog and kitten are trying to get along. The kitten loves the dog and today they were curled up together and the kitten started purring. Well, the dog thinks it's a growl and started grmbling at him and got up to move away. How do I teach him that purrs are a good thing?"
1914,DogAdvice,Dog keeps getting ear infections,"She’s a hound. She refuses to wear her hat. She gets an infection, we go to the vet, he treats it with antibiotics, it gets better…for a few days. And then we’re back. 

Are there any home remedies for dogs that are prone to ear infections from the cold. She’s miserable and I’m broke. We’re talking $3k on vet fees every damn winter. 

Here’s what we’ve tried: 

Working on her diet. It’s not allergies. 
Antibiotic (after the vet took a culture) Not super effective. 
Training her to wear a hat (working on it) (it’s not working yet) 
Moving to a warmer climate (we’re too broke from vet fees and meds to move to Florida. One day!) 

Toss me your home remedies. I’m desperate."
1915,DogAdvice,Advice on clingy dog,"My dog is a 5 year old Maltese/Westie male. He has been skittish his whole life, we adopted him at 6 months old from not abusive but also not the best circumstances. I love my dog but all he does is follow me everywhere, lay on me as close as he can, any attention I give to other animals or people he try’s to get involved, and he just stares unblinking at me. My husband he completely leaves alone. Now if we are at someone’s home who he knows he will completely leave me alone and go do other things or if we are outside. But when home he drives me mental and I constantly feel guilty like I should be doing something. It’s exhausting. We tried adopting a puppy for a companion of the same breed. they were together for over a year but then my dog would just hide away in another room and completely seclude himself. (The puppy was given to another family member who lives on a farm and lives a great life for anyone thinking of giving me shit for giving my puppy away, but it was distressing the dog we already had) any advice on what to do? I just want him to relax and stop being so clingy"
1916,DogAdvice,"Dry patch. Started about 10 days ago, hasn’t been scratching at it. Not sure if there’s something I can do",
1917,DogAdvice,8month boxer + 3 year Corso. Best friends can’t be separated . Any advice to get them to live longer? The mastiff I know will have hip and joint problems when he’s older since he’s so big. I want to prevent that as much as possible. Recommendations?,
1918,DogAdvice,Hello! I am looking for a new canned dog food for my 2 year old pup as well as some questions.,"Hello! I was wanting to ask and see if anyone had good recommendations for affordable canned dog food. Currently I buy Purina canned dog food because it was recommended by a vet. I pay around 45 dollars for the entire month and was wondering if there was another brand. My dog seems to be not eating it as much anymore. So I am trying to do a brand switch up that’s healthy for her. I do mix it with kibble. However, my main question is, can I just give her only canned dog food? She seems to not like kibble."
1919,DogAdvice,Help with getting dog to go to the bathroom post surgery.,"Afternoon, our 3.5 year old lab/hound mix had TPLO surgery 10 days ago. Since home she has been going to the bathroom about every 10 to 14 hours. These last two days she is now only going every 22ish hours. Her not peeing is more of a concern than pooping in that time frame and i dont want her to get a bladder infection.

She has actually been drinking more water than when she came home over a week ago and I take her out multiple times throughout the day ranging from 15 mins to an hour. She is also eating her normal amount of food pre-surgery.

These last two days she just wanders around the yard and seems to just straight up refuse to go to the bathroom. I'm not sure how to get her to go. I have taking the cone off, gave her a bit of space with the leash and also giving her access to previous no entry sections for her in our backyard. We also keep it clean as usual and don't leave her droppings behind.

Besides this she is actually improving greatly. Her leg is no longer swollen, her walking has improved and her demeanor is her usual happy self.

Has anyone else experienced this and do they have any suggestions on how to get her to go more often?"
1920,DogAdvice,15 year old Pit declining ):,"As the title says my girlfriends 15 year old pit has been declining over the past couple years slowly but surely. I wanted some advice if it’s time to put her down or if she still has some more time. Recently she hasn’t been going outside and has used the bathroom in the house on multiple occasions, she’s had her since a puppy and this is very unlike her. She hates the cold but will still go outside and use the bathroom but recently she hasn’t been, she either can’t or won’t use the doggy door and won’t go outside unless someone basically begs her to and goes out with her. She also shakes sometimes when laying down and seems to be in pain but I’m not sure if it’s just because she’s cold. We make fires for her and she seems fine but it’s still very concerning to see her shake the way she does. She has a tumor on her stomach that the vet said was most likely cancerous but she was already 13-14 so surgery didn’t seem like a great idea. She’s been weaker lately and also idk if this is concerning but it scared me when it happened, she was asleep and out of nowhere jumped up and started running and looked super confused then came to her senses and just laid back down, usually when she has a bad dream she’ll yelp in her sleep but never did anything like this. Do you think it’s time to put down? Thanks in advance for any advice or help."
1921,DogAdvice,"My dog is suffering from some kind of skin problem that the vet couldn't identify at the time. I have always treated her for fleas, and more recently for allergies and eczema but nothing seems to work. Small scabs on her belly &amp; inner thighs and the skin around her mouth is always pink and irritated",
1922,DogAdvice,Am I wrong to convince my bf to make his dogs live indoors?,"This is going to be long, bear with me.
My bf has three dogs, two of which are large 9 month old picardy spaniels (littermates) who live in a 10x20 dog run (the other dog spends the day in his parents backyard). All of his dogs are outside dogs, but he allows one of his favorites to sleep inside every night. He has never had an indoor dog before. He got the two large Picardy’s as 8 week old puppies and pretty much put them immediately in the dog run. They haven’t been trained at all and they get minimal attention. They don’t even have a dog house big enough for one of them, let alone both. They bark constantly and they jump like crazy, especially if anyone is near the fence. (They get so wild to the point that I’m nervous they will hurt themselves.) He says they have plenty of toys but I’ve never seen them. He also tells me that he lets them out of the run and gives them lots of space to roam around a few times a week. I told him they should sleep inside, especially since his other dog gets to and he says “they’re fine” because all of his life he has had outside dogs and they were “fine”. We live in the south, so I get it, it’s not *that* cold, but it’s just not right, and surely cant be comfortable. I just think he has a totally different view on dogs. To me, he treats them like an accessory. Meanwhile, I have four dogs who are a little spoiled. Mine are all well trained and allowed on the couch with me and sleep in bed next to me. 
His excuse for not letting them inside is that they are dirty, smelly and very loud and unruly. I have told him several times that they’re just untrained so they don’t know any better and the solution to the problem is to train them. I was under the impression that as soon as they get trained, he will allow them to sleep inside, but it’s not looking that way. I asked him if he has looked into training them and he says he just wants to find a specific trainer who will prepare them for hunting. 
I told him they will get nowhere hunting without first learning basic obedience so it doesn’t matter. 
I just want these beautiful dogs to have a fulfilling, comfortable, and happy life. And I don’t think he realizes that the dogs being with him more (even just laying at his feet while watching TV in the evening) will build a bond and end up making him happier too. I just think that he has never had the opportunity to bond with a dog closely so he will never understand my point of view until he does. 
It’s just so sad to see them yelp and jump and whine for attention all the time. I hate that they are stuck in a tiny space and don’t even have a dog house. And it makes me so upset that he says “they’re fine” because they deserve so much better than “fine”. Seeing them bark and jump in their tiny space makes me cry every time.

And this is not even mentioning the ignorance of him putting these two siblings (M+F) together in the same enclosure for 9 straight months. I’m worried about littermate syndrome and possible inbreeding occurring. 

Is it wrong of me to try to convince him to make them indoor dogs? If not, how do I do it? I don’t want to guilt trip him all the time but I don’t know how to emphasize how important it is to me, especially as the temperature starts dropping. It’s so unfair to those wonderful dogs and it’s upsetting that he is unfazed by it. 

Advice?

TLDR: my bf has outside dogs that, from my perspective, would be a hell of a lot happier living inside but he says they’re too disobedient to live inside because they’re totally untrained. I want them to live inside but he and i have totally different views on dogs."
1923,DogAdvice,Best way to keep small dog occupied while I'm at work?,"I have a mini spoodle who is just over 3 years old and live by myself. I work shift work as a nurse, so doggy daycare and friends watching him isn't always possible. 

I've had a pet camera set up before and he frets for less than half an hour, then jumps on the couch to sleep. 

Any tips for keeping him occupied? A second dog is out of the picture at the moment (but maybe eventually!) He's got access to a backyard, plenty of toys and obviously, water and food."
1924,DogAdvice,"Anyone knows what this is? i cant take her to the vet yet, she lives near my house",
1925,DogAdvice,Looking for dog incontinence help,"Essentially what the title says. I have a small 5lb senior chihuahua. She has congestive heart failure and her medication makes her have a lot of accidents. I’m tired of having to constantly wash rugs, blankets, sheets, beds, etc. I tried pee pads but she doesn’t understand them. I have bought disposable diapers but she easily takes them off. So, I bought cloth diapers with suspenders that require diaper inserts. She still somehow finds a way to take them off. However, when she does keep them on it seems like they leak anyway. The cloth diaper is always soaked and often I still find places where she completely peed on the carpet through her diaper. I’ve even bought two separate “waterproof” dog blankets to cover my bed and some of the floor. I’m seriously losing my mind from living in pee smell but it’s impossible for me to find all the places where the diaper fails or when she gets out of the diaper when I’m not home. 

Every diaper that I have found online has some review talking about how it isn’t actually leak proof because either it isn’t absorbent enough, or it spills over the leg holes. Blankets also have these types of reviews.

Side note: I have even considered if I could scent train my younger dog to tell me where she peed so I could make sure to clean it up asap and really good but idk if that is confusing for a dog 🤷‍♀️. 

I’m willing to try anything at this point"
1926,DogAdvice,About to Fly across continents and then drive cross country with 2 dogs....any advice on how to get ready?,"So, the USA + any USA Airlines rules have made it practically impossible to fly home from Brazil to the USA that doesn't cost 6k to bring them home with me. SO I have found 1 airline that will still fly a dog under the plane with you that is a latin america airlines BUT They only fly into 2 cities, Miami or NY. My destination....New Mexico. SO, I need to rent a car to drive from Rio to Sao Paulo (8 hours). Then Fly the dogs from Sao Paulo to Miami strait flight, 8 hours, then rent a car from miami and drive to New Mexico....(30ish hours) This isn't a spur of the moment vacation or anything this is a change of countries for safety and my family. So there is just no...not leaving or not going. And this is my only way to bring my fur family with me and I am willing to do it....Any advice on how to acclimate and get the dogs ready for this trip in 2 months to make this as smooth as possible I'd really appreciate.

Mini Schnauzer has flown cross continental before from mexico to brazil. He's crate trained but deaf now...maybe a bonus because he won't hear all the plane noises? Also great in cars and long road trips. But I've never done....Cross country road trip with him.

Newer Member is 1 years old and very clingy and I've been working on his crate training, what I worry about is his separation anxiety that I've mostly worked on so I can leave the house anytime, But I don't know how he will take me leaving him at the airport. He's also good in cars but the only long trip he's been on is when we rescued him in the mountains and brought him home. He's also 2xs bigger then the mini schnauzer.

I'm a bit overwhelmed but I want them to be safe and comfortable and I want to buy things for the car, A) to protect it from dogs to hopefully not have to pay for detailing, and to keep them safe out of the crates (because both won't fit in a car without disassembly) And how to make this as easy of a transition for them because this is about to be a crap ton of change all at once. Any Advice would be welcomed"
1927,DogAdvice,"Anyone know what breed my new puppy could be? The rescue said she’s a German shepherd mix, trying to figure out what she can be mixed with.",
1928,DogAdvice,About to fly 2 hours with my 6 month old puppy. Any tips?,"For context, he is a 5.5 lb mini schnauzer (our little runt of the litter) who I’ve been introducing the travel carrier to over the past week. He is crate trained and potty trained. Just looking for some tips maybe I don’t know about!"
1929,DogAdvice,Why is my Akita so obsessed with licking the inside of Husky's mouth?,
1930,DogAdvice,"Does anyone know if this infection is serious?the vet keeps rescheduling and I can’t get in until the 25th, I’m extremely worried about her leg since she’s old at 14.",
1931,DogAdvice,Puppy and cat help!,"Hi everyone!

For context we've got a labrador puppy who is 5 and a half months and two 4 year old cats. Everything had been going well, the relationship was progressing to the point where all three could be sleeping in the same room as one another as recently as yesterday. Puppy is always on a house line and is never allowed to chase the cats. Ever.

We got home yesterday evening and one of my cats (the more confident one!) now bolts out of the room whenever puppy comes in. I'm not sure what has happened but he's become petrified of him and it's making me so so sad.

Any ideas/tips what I can do to repair the relationship??? It was going so well and I'm heartbroken that our cat has had something happen that has scared him this much of our puppy. I dont want him to have to spend his whole life upstairs now when he was such a confident, loud boy."
1932,DogAdvice,"She keeps licking her lips and panting, she was doing this earlier and threw up after about a half hour. She was perfectly fine for about an hour this started this again, seems like she’s trying to heave something up but can’t.",
1933,DogAdvice,Oragel for a dog?,"My sweet Cali girl bit her lip. I only caught it because she bled on my hand while I was wiping her eyes, but her lip is swollen and bleeding a bit. Can I put oragel on it so it’s not a painful?"
1934,DogAdvice,Dog has developed fear of cooking,"My dog is 8 and this has been going on for the last month or so. Whenever my bf uses the stove (unsure if she does it w me) she hides. I find her in the bath tub or tucked next to the dryer, she absolutely will not go in the kitchen. I tried giving her a treat and she won't touch it even in the living room. The other night my bf tried bringing her to bed after cooking and he had to chase her out of the laundry room, down from upstairs, and out of the laundry room again. She's normally such a big beggar. I don't think she got hit with grease bc we don't cook greasy food often and she is very loud about getting hurt. Food doesn't smell like it's burning either. I really don't know where this came from or how to make her feel less stressed other than maybe I will make an egg for her so she has a positive association (I'm pretty sure she knows what the stove is used for though). I feel so bad for stressing her out so much. Any ideas?"
1935,DogAdvice,Dog won’t stop going after newborn,I just brought home my baby girl today and my dog who I have raised since he was 8 weeks old has been aggressive towards her. He won’t stop whining at her and when we let him slowly investigate her he gummed her foot. He’s legit following her around and treating her like she’s something he’s hunting. He’s a minpin/chihuahua mix and I don’t know what to do about his behavior. It’s only the first day but he’s literally treating her like a piece of steak or a chew toy. The only thing I can think of at the moment is to get him a muzzle. Right now our daughter is not safe being near him and he won’t stop whining and going after her if she’s in the room.
1936,DogAdvice,Warm gloves/mittens for dog walking?,"Hi all! Hopefully this is allowed but I’m seeking other dog owners advice in finding a pair of gloves, mittens, or convertible mittenS. I walk my dog 3x a day and with it getting colder out, I’m struggling to find a pair of gloves or mittens that help my hands warm but also allow me to hold the leash handle and maybe even operate a poop bag (ha!)"
1937,DogAdvice,This is really stupid but..,"I don’t want to be without my dog on Thanksgiving. I know it’s dumb but I truly feel like he’s part of my family and I hate that I’m going to be away from him and don’t want him to be crated for so many hours, since my fiancé and I will be going to two different Thanksgivings. I feel like I’m going to be miserable and missing him. I wanted him to come to my parents house with us but they won’t allow it. This isn’t really me advice seeking, more like ranting.. Sorry ): I know it’s going to be the same on Christmas, too. I dread Christmas because I don’t want to leave him alone. It’s so sad to have to spend Christmas alone or in a crate. He should be able to enjoy a holiday just like we do, especially considering their lives are significantly shorter. Aaaaa!!!!! I’m being crazy but it makes me so sad!!"
1938,DogAdvice,Dog got spayed just wanted to see if it looks good so far has only been four days since.,
1939,DogAdvice,Lost my dog on a walk,"About a hour ago I gave up driving around trying to find my dog after she ran off after some deer on or walk in our trailer park 
I’m very new to this and it’s already 8pm I’m not sure what to do (this isn’t her first time getting loose and usually once I start my car up she usually hears it and runs staging for into the car but this time we where too far away from home for me to hop in really quick I drove around for a hour but have seen no signs of her…..I’m afraid someone picked her up as she’s super friendly and I won’t get her back I’m already loosing my mind about not getting her back tonight in general….pls help"
1940,DogAdvice,Dog yelps in pain when being picked up,"I'm 19 and I haven't owned a small dog before him. I grew up with big dogs and cats. I usually pick him up by the armpit regon and from time to time he yelps. I try to be as gentle as I can but idk 😶. I picked up other pets like this and they never had a problem with it so it confuses me on what I'm doing wrong. 

I originally thought it was his harness rubbing against his armpits making them hurt but that doesn't seem to be the case since he hasn't worn it in months. It's not ever single time I pick him up but it is enough to notice. I even examined the area there doesn't seem to be anything that could cause him pain. I must be holding him wrong or still some how being rough. I don't think I am or at least trying not to be. I feel so bad. I don't pick him up often, only when I need him to move or go outside. 

Any suggestions? Is there something more to it? Is there a better way to pick him up?"
1941,DogAdvice,What do I do if my dog bit a child,"My terrier bit a child, the 2yr old child was teasing and hitting my dog, I am wondering what I should do? Please help me"
1942,DogAdvice,Friend just took home a golden retriever pup yesterday and he threw this up what is it what should they do?,
1943,DogAdvice,how long does it take for neuter stitches to dissolve?,i’ve seen some say 14 days and some say 4 months. it has been around 1.5 months and there are still two stitches.
1944,DogAdvice,Could it be anxiety?,"My almost 2 year old (male &amp; neutered) hasn’t been himself since the start of the month, around bonfire night. We went to the vet, all seemed well but gave him a painkiller just in case. That didn’t make much difference so he had extra cuddles, extra playtimes, extra everything and he perked up. That was until last week when we saw our postie and he tried to nip him which is really out of character! We put it down to being spooked by his bag (it slipped off when he leant down) but today he went from happy waggy boy to growling and nipping the workman next door in a matter of seconds. The workman isn’t a stranger. Tonight my wife went to do last wee wees and he wasn’t happy (we have rain) and when she went to tap his tushy out the door he tried to nip her? 
It’s very out of character for him, he’s well socialised (he comes everywhere with us inc holidays) he’s had no change in diet or home situation. Any advice is welcomed, thank you"
1945,DogAdvice,why does she sit like this,
1946,DogAdvice,2 y/o Cav King Charles still potties inside..,"Mochi, my 2-year-old Cavalier, sweet as the dickens and mostly smart to boot, can't seem to understand that outside is the only place he should go to the bathroom. We take him out regularly, almost too often by comparison to the tens of dogs I've had prior (and I know they are all different). We even got him mostly button trained so that he'll press a button (one in our living space, another in our bedroom) when he wants to go outside. But, at least once a day now, he'll just decide to go inside instead. The time is random, as is the accident and place he goes.  


He's fixed. And even when he does go inside, it's not in the same spot, and (if it's pee) it's never with a raised leg as if to mark. We always clean it with an enzyme cleaner, and a fancy carpet-washing vacuum to be sure that it's thorough. As I said, it's at least once a day, but never at the same time. I get up at 5 AM Monday thru Friday to walk him, and most mornings it's dragging him out of bed just to get up (it's cold and he's a snuggly lazy boy who likes to stay next to us under the weighted blanket, lol). He goes and does his business and then back to bed while I get ready for work. My partner gets up around 8 AM, and sometimes finds that Mochi has gone again, not even a full 3 hours later! If it's a good morning though, we can almost be assured there's going to be a different time that day he decides to have his accident. My partner stays up nightly, between 1 to 2 AM almost every weekday, just to make sure he goes outside before bed!  


During the day, if Mochi has to go, he'll press the button. My partner works from home, so Mochi gets to go out regularly on a short schedule just to try and keep ahead of the accidents as best we can. This basically has lined up to be 5 AM, 8 AM, 1 PM, 5 PM, 10 PM, and 1 AM. We had discovered back when things were really bad with his accidents, Mochi wasn't getting put in his kennel (we call it his home when speaking to him) enough for nap times. When we started that, it helped immensely, but not completely. We feed him regularly, twice a day, with the same amount of recommended food in the morning between 8 and 10 AM (depending on if we slept in on the weekend), and then again around 6 PM (depending on when we've had dinner, as he knows to go into his home while we eat, and his dinner is right after). He has constant access to clean, running water from a tip-proof cat water fountain. He likes it because his ""sister"" (our black cat) likes it, and they're the best of friends.  


And honestly, the craziest thing is, he'll have a day of the week (sometimes a weekday, sometimes a weekend, but not typically more than 2 times a week) where he not only doesn't have an accident, but he won't even ask to go outside for what most deem a normal amount of time between his restroom breaks, 8 hours! And he'll have those days without anything else being different - his meals, his naps, play times with either us or his sister, etc. But no matter what we do, we literally cannot come up with what we can do to replicate those days.  


We've taken him to our vet, who has done x-rays and scans to see if his bladder is ""small"" or if there's any infection(s), but he's in perfect health, and even more so considering his breed! We've been told over and over since he was a puppy (idc what people say, he still is, okay!!) ""Don't worry, it'll pass, and he'll be trained before you know it,"" or ""Just keep at it, and he'll get it,"" or ""have you tried to reward him with treats while outside and after he goes potty,"" or ""make sure you take him out consistently/at the same time,"" and more. We've tried them all. He's not the first dog I've had, not the first dog that I got while on my own, and certainly not the first dog I've potty trained, whether in my family or on my own. But we're out of ideas, and we've gone through all the typical advice. This can't be his normal. He's such a good boy, and the biggest love bug you'd ever seen, and the greatest snuggler in the world. There's gotta be something we can do to help him be the bestest boy we know he is.  


If anyone has anything, any SAFE but unconventional advise we could try, please, please, let me know!"
1947,DogAdvice,Puppy Help,"I recently adopted a puppy and although I have had dogs my entire life I have never rescued one younger than 1. She is 11 weeks old and I haven’t been giving her any human food as she has had diarrhea, this is abnormal for me as my mom always gave our dogs little bits of human food and it never was an issue. 

I was eating some McDonald’s fries and since my other dogs love them I decided to give her a piece of one. It’s been about 30 minutes to an hour and she started gagging. It scared me because it sounded like an asthma attack and I thought she was choking or suffocating and she was laying in my arms asleep so it was really weird. She regurgitated the French fry and a few pieces of kibble. Anyone have puppy advice on what puppies can’t digest? 

I wanted to be strictly against giving into her begging but I just rescued her Saturday and French fries are my favorite so I thought she’d love to taste one for the first time too. Now I feel stupid and like a bad pet mom but I am new to puppies… I probably will stick to her dog treats from now on, I’m just curious."
1948,DogAdvice,Need help with my multi-dog household,"I have a 5 year old Australian Cattle Dog mix boy and a 9 month old Poodle mix girl.

When my girl was younger and not potty trained, she was exclusively in a playpen in the kitchen. Gave her alone time everyday and it went okay. She wasn’t totally comfortable, but didn’t bark, cry, act upset etc. She basically just stared at the door.

After she got spayed around 6 months, and is now potty trained, I fully puppy proofed my bedroom and moved her in there. Not in the playpen, just stuck a baby gate at the door and let her free roam. Here’s the kicker, she has barrier frustration and is destroying the gate at the door. I try to give her alone time, but the barking and chewing commences as soon as I walk away. I leave her with toys and chews, but it’s not enough to engage her. 

I have a CTC, CPDT-KA, SAPro trainer, but it’s been little help. She says the two dogs play well together, but will never be able to be alone together because of their size differences (he’s about 70 pounds, she’s about 12 pounds). She recommends giving them 10-15 minutes a day supervised together without toys and then increasing the time. Which, cool but if she has barrier frustration and needs to be separated when I’m away, how do I do that? Now that she’s had freedom, she doesn’t care for her pen or crate anymore. Do I re-train her to go in her crate or playpen? Would half a day doggy daycare once a week help her be separated from me? Am I just a moron?! She can’t just free roam around my place because she steals his toys, steals whatever she can find, and just has no chill still. 

Sorry for my rambling, I’m just so frustrated and with US holidays coming up, and her not being able to be alone at all anymore I don’t know what to do.

TL;DR: have two dogs of very different size. One is a puppy who has barrier frustration. Trainer says dogs can’t be alone unsupervised. How do I get around all this and get her more comfy in her surroundings?"
1949,DogAdvice,How much would you pay for a pet sitter?,"Hi all! So, we have 3 dogs and a cat, and they really haven't had to be alone for much time at all, aside from a couple hours to go to the movies or something. I work from home, and on weekends we take them \*everywhere\* we can (except for Kitty, because he hates traveling, so we try to limit needing to take him places).

So anyway, we have a Friendsgiving an hour away, and we haven't seen any of these friends since we moved this January, so I'm not sure how long we will be there, and it was really starting to stress me out thinking about leaving them for 4-5+ hours (especially our littlest, who is 12 lbs who has a tiny bladder and is super super attached to me), so I asked my younger sister (she's 21 and a senior at the university in town here - SUCH a good kid) if she'd be able to hang out at our house and hang out with them, let them out to potty, etc. I told her she could do whatever she wanted, sleep, study, netflix, etc, essentially just make herself at home. She agreed and said she's really excited to see them and spend time with them and I'm SO grateful for it. 

My big question is, how much would you pay for a pet/house sitter for 5-7 hours? Money is really tight for me right now, but I want to be sure to pay her fairly. Not only because I truly appreciate her help (especially on a Saturday when she probably definitely has offers to get turnt with her college friends), but also because I feel like as her older sister I feel like it's important to set a precedent in place to where she's expected to be paid fairly for her work. She and I have a lot of similarities and she's SUCH a sweetheart, but I spent a good amount of my 20s being essentially a doormat/happiness pump/people pleaser, and if I can help to set a different precedent for her, I'd really like to.

&amp;#x200B;

Sorry for the babble, but I appreciate your insight!!"
1950,DogAdvice,help!! my dog is severely bored,"I very recently had to leave my job at a doggy daycare due to managements lack of regard for safety, i took my dog with me everyday at work and she would wrestle with dogs, play chase etc for 6 hours everyday. Now she is incredibly bored, so much so she's stress panting and whining all day. I've tried puzzle toys, refilling her bones, playing tug and fetch, going outside with her and playing in the snow. Nothing is working, she's whining and looking at me like im a monster. I feel horrible and I don't know how to keep her happy now. Please help, she's not responding to anything."
1951,DogAdvice,Decreased food interest,"Looking for advice. 7 month old Goldendoodle/Lagotto mix recently stopped showing interest in eating, last 4 weeks or so. Vet examined him, checked stool sample, and blood work all came back normal. Still has energy and no change in behavior. Has started to loose some weight now too. We had him on Purina Puppy Dry and mixed it with the Purina Puppy wet. We've tried all combinations, wet/dry, adding water etc. no change. Tried mixing in with blue Buffalo lamb and oatmeal, same result. Looking for advice and or solutions please."
1952,DogAdvice,Swollen Pawpad,
1953,DogAdvice,Should I rehome my dog?,"I have a 4 year old rescue dog named Lady who I have had since she was 4 months old. I love her, and I try to take good care of her. She gets plenty of vet care and her walker comes 3 days a week. She eats good food and gets toys and treats. Unfortunately, I will be in the hospital for at least 45 days. I can't decide if I should find someone to watch her or help to find her a new family where she could have more stability. Could she equilibrate to a new family in 45 days? Is it unkind to keep her just because I love her?"
1954,DogAdvice,Ladridos excesivos,
1955,DogAdvice,Dog toy advice,"Need a toy, preferably on amazon, that makes noise and move around alot. I dropped an empty beer can and my puppy chased and knocked it around everywhere. It look like he was having so much fun but it being a flimsy metal can (his teeth go through the can) I don't want him to hurt himself while playing with it. Any good ideas to replace this beer can?"
1956,DogAdvice,I’ve posted videos of my hound barking at my chi previously. Well here is a video of my chi showing my hound affection… well until the hound shows it back at least.,
1957,DogAdvice,Winter doggy care questions-,"So I'm a first time dog owner and I have some questions about winter care. Firstly I'll explain the weather in my area so it's easier to understand my concerns, here in Silesia we usually have no snow up until like mid December or even January, but it is very rainy and windy, and when the snow does appear it's VERY common to put salt/sand on the roads and sidewalks (it's also said that it's gonna be snowing a lot this year but they usually straight up lie so idk yet we'll see). 

Now as for my dog- she's 4 yo, weights 10.6 kg and is double coated.

Now as for the questions, first being- Do I buy her doggy shoes??? She already has some depigmentations going on on her paw pads because it's very cold (during the night it's below 0°C) and I don't know if it hurts her or is annoying? I've read the paw pads will get very dry during winter but nothing some beanie moisturizer can't fix but I'm not sure, there's also the topic of salt on ice which I know is painful for dogs to walk on.

Now the second question HOW DO I KNOW IF SHES COLD- I know! I know she's double coated and she's most likely NOT cold, but now that she's shedding, her coat is very thin and she's always very cold to touch after our walks so I thought maybe she's cold because of all that balding situation? Do you think I need to gear her up for winter or just leave her be with her beanie moisturizer???"
1958,DogAdvice,Please help! Possible allergic reaction to food?,"Last night I noticed a small bump on my 1 yr old chihuahua’s nose. 30 mins later I look over and her whole snout is swollen. I called the emergency vet and she said not to panic, give her a half a Benadryl and it should go down. It finally did this morning but the poor baby was itching her whole body all night and still is. Also, I think she threw up this morning. Do you think this can be caused by a food allergy? Or does that not make sense with the sudden snout swelling? I also don’t know whether to make a vet appt. The vet didn’t seem concerned last night and I’m worried they’d charge me so much money to just be like ya give her more Benadryl and stop feeding her whatever food you gave her. Thank you so much for any advice!!"
1959,DogAdvice,Dog won't eat dog food,"Basically what the title says. Ive tried a lot of different brands. I'm pretty limited to petco or Walmart, but there are actually more great options ingredients wise than we thought. The problem is that my dog will not eat any of it!!! What do I do? I've tried mixing things in and she'll pick around the pebbles and just eat whatever I put in it. I don't have the means or the know how to give her a raw food diet or anything like that. I'm just at a loss."
1960,DogAdvice,"Just adopted a dog, how do I train him to be calmer around other dogs?","We didn’t know how he was around other dogs when we adopted him, and so when we took him on a walk he found another dog and was very excited to meet this other dog and they sniffed eachother and everything, tail wagging. My dog is a black lab 100 or so pounds, super strong guy. How do we train him to be calmer around dogs? I tried making him sit there and wait and I held his collar, gave him a treat for sitting and waiting, but god this guy is super strong once the other dog got close enough he was like “let me see, let me see, let me see!!!!!!!!!” After a good sniffing I don’t know which one of the 2 growled thats mostly why I’m asking cause he was just super excited I don’t want him to do it to other dogs incase another might not like him and attack. Advice? (He’s also only 2)"
1961,DogAdvice,What Breed mix do you think he is? My guess is some kind of pointer. Going to foster him.,
1962,DogAdvice,Need some advice with this little diva(in comments),
1963,DogAdvice,My 10 month old puppy started panting like this out of nowhere while I was petting him. Is he okay?,
1964,DogAdvice,Matting advise,"Hey, so i’ve never posted on reddit before, but i’m in need of some help 

I wasn’t sure whether to post this on here or somewhere else, but i figured this place was as good as any.

Onto the main reason for my post, i’m a minor (not going to say exact age) and i have three dogs. I’ve owned all of them since i was in elementary school, and i’ve been expected to care for them all on my own. This includes feeding, walking, cleaning, grooming, etc. And while my parents did help me sometimes, i’ve mostly been on my own. Due to this, my dogs have become very matted over the years. I’ve always managed to just shave off the mats myself, luckily without hurting them, but it takes a very long time, multiple days on some occasions. Recently one of my dogs has developed some really thick matts on all four of her legs, they’re so close to her skin that i’m too scared to try to cut them off. I tried asking my mom if i could take then to get shaved at a groomers, but she said that they’ll take my dog away if they find out she’s matted, and i really don’t want that. 

Will the groomers actually take her away? She’s not badly neglected, she’s clean and flea free, she just has some really bad matts on her legs. I have a job, so i can pay for a sedated groom if needed, i just don’t want my dog to be in pain anymore. 

I know that this is my fault, i haven’t been brushing her like i should have, there’s just so much going on in my life atm, so i keep putting off brushing her, but now it’s too late

what should i do? i really don’t want my dog taken away from me, i’ve had her for so many years, but i don’t want her to be in pain"
1965,DogAdvice,Dog is healthy but isn’t doing much or eating enough,"So my dog is an older male, but he’s still in good health aside from pancreatitis. When we found out he had it, we switched him to a low fat diet, but he’s gradually gotten more skinny until he ended up losing a quarter of his weight. We took him to the vet and they said everything seems healthy and he just needs more calories without fat, so we’ve been trying to feed him that stuff, but he still doesn’t appear to be eating much. He’ll eat, but it doesn’t seem like it is as much or even an improvement on how much he ate before. He also lays down a lot more than usually and walks slower when going on walks, but I’d assume that is due to lack of energy from losing so much weight, since he can still be active when he wants. Any thoughts or advice please?"
1966,DogAdvice,When no one was on the streets during covid,"It is these empty places and soulless spaces that really push my buttons. Do you remember seeing pictures of empty streets and no people in many countries?
The animals came into the cities and towns and chose to hang out. 

I always wondered if they actually missed us humans.  I doubt it , we have always been a pain in the ass to other beings and vegetation. 

They probably just wanted to come in and sniff around, to make sure we were actually gone. And then they all probably did a jig together celebrating!!

Anyway that was my sad take on it cause I, for one, loved all those animal friends. But they were probably needing a break!

So now, 
The goats and rabbits, deer and cats and dogs they were the only ones  populating our former space. Happy happy!"
1967,DogAdvice,Anyone know what this is?,
1968,DogAdvice,dog keeps peeing inside,"I have 2 dogs, one is a 7 year old female, the other is a 3 year old male. One of them keeps peeing inside while I'm at work. I know punishing them for it won't do much, because they probably forgot they even peed. With one of my dogs, I put a diaper on him, but he still peed himself. His diaper was wet when I came home. With the other, I put a diaper on her and she somehow got it off. 

How do I stop this? I work pretty long shifts so I try not to get upset at them for doing it, but it can be really frustrating because I have no way to train them, because I'm gone while they do it. 

Is there somethings I can do to stop this? It's becoming a habit of theirs"
1969,DogAdvice,Can I sleep with a weighted blanket with my dog in the bed?,My dog is about 60 pounds and the blanket is 20 pounds. My dog likes to go under the covers sometimes while I’m asleep and I’m just really nervous about sleeping with a weighted blanket.
1970,DogAdvice,Any ideas on what this could be? She has no other symptoms.,
1971,DogAdvice,Question about Stray Dog I Fed,"I’m really sad today because there was this stray dog I was feeding where I lived , I usually stay away from strays because I have really bad anxiety and depression, I don’t like seeing things I care for suffer! This stray was different he was very calm ,relaxed would just sit under my trailer and I began feeding him every morning . He slowly started getting energy because when he arrived he would lay under my moms car and not move no matter what . I had splash water on him for him to move so we could use the car. He was the nicest dog I’ve met even more so than my own dog and seemed to not need much except food . Well a couple came to pick him up cause they liked how calm he was and he is a beautiful dog  a German Shepherd. I have anxiety so I don’t work regular 5 day work week . I do odd jobs every now and then , I had 300 dollars I was saving up because I need a tooth pulled cause I have a cavity . Anyways I ended up wasting all my money on flea treatments for him and my yard because me and my neighbors got infested with fleas because he would lay under my house , it was really bad but o didn’t mind because I just wanted him to be healthy and clean so the couple would have no reason to not want him or put him out on the streets again. It was a huge weight lifted from my shoulders cause I really can’t handle responsibility or worries . The dog I own I love now but initially I took her in against my will because my brother was going to the army and I wanted her to be with ppl she knew rather than strangers. Im going off topic . 3 weeks ago my mom said the couple loved him and he was free in their fenced In yard. Being well taken care off I was so happy . Now unfortunately I found out today that he began to get aggressive. He ripped the neighbors cat to shreds apparently and they tried tying him up after that because when they would leave he would escape and try going with them , follow the woman everywhere. He didn’t want to be tied up though , would apparently pull very hard on his leash and trash around which I think is kind of normal if he hasn’t ever been tied up . But when they took him I put him on a leash and he was calm with them just stood or sat next to us. Apparently he ended up biting one of their children ! They told my mom that he escaped or was taken but I found out that they actually took him somewhere  else and abandoned him. They didn’t tell me cause they didn’t want me getting mad. Now I’m so confuse as to al that effort I put in and how calm and nice he was . To how everything turned out. I feel like things always turn out bad and that’s why I stay away from strays . I’m so confused and I hope someone can give me some clarity! I’m sorry for this long post , I just needed to vent and also needed someone to understand! Srry Please and Thank You!"
1972,DogAdvice,Is this crate too big for my puppy? Should I put in a divider?,
1973,DogAdvice,My dog refuses to eat dog food,"Hi everyone, I have an 11 month old Great Pyrenees Australian Shepard mix named Annie. A couple weeks ago she decided to refuse to eat her normal food anymore so we switched it to something else which seemed to help briefly. We then started putting a topper on her food which also solved the problem temporarily. This week she is now only eating the topper on her food and refuses to eat anything else. I think she is just being picky since she seems fine in every other aspect but wanted to know if anyone else has dealt with something like this and has any tips on what we could try before I take her to the vet to make sure she is all good. Thanks!"
1974,DogAdvice,How long does it take for fabric to pass through?,"Dog at some of his fabric chew toy. About 1”x1,” so I’m not worried about blockage. But rather am curious. He’s a 50lbs Shepard mix."
1975,DogAdvice,Is this really allergies?! More in comments.,
1976,DogAdvice,Help getting my dog to like the crate,"I adopted a 3 year old dog and he *HATES* his crate. My apartment has strict rules that he has to be in the crate if I’m not in the apartment and I put him in there to just throw the cardboard out, not even a 3 minute absence. And he whined and cried SO loudly. 

I’m having him sleep in there so he gets used to it more but he obviously thinks of it as a punishment. I put him in there again while I was frying something in the kitchen so he didn’t cause an accident me he straight up ran away from me twice and I eventually enticed him with a frozen kong, which is how I get him in as bedtime. 

Someone please help. I’ve tried putting his water bowl and food bowl in there and he just stands outside and tries to reach it with his head."
1977,DogAdvice,I noticed this scab on my pup a couple of days ago. I don’t think it bothers him but he has never really let me touch his tummy/paws too much. I saw it again today and it looks bigger (pictured here). I am def going to call the vet tomorrow but does anyone have any idea what it could be? TIA,
1978,DogAdvice,"Pair of dogs bark at every dog they see on the street, how to make them chill?","Hi everybody, so recently we adopted 2 dogs, a mom and son, they're pretty friendly towards people and relaxed overall. We are still adapting to the change since we only had a dog previously which was smaller although more aggressive.

The thing is these 2 are on the bigger side, the mom is like a mix of golden/lab and the son it's a husky mix. It's already quite the exercise going on a walk since they go crazy, they do relax and walk slowly after a bit but whenever a dog shows up, no matter what dog, the mom starts barking and does sound more aggressive, the son seems more playful because he even cries like if he wants to play. We don't let them of the leash since we don't know them yet and don't know if they could run away or cross the street, etc.

The problem is that sometimes I have to take them for a walk by myself and when they pull barking at another dog, between the 2 of them they do give me trouble holding them, once I already slipped and lost the leash of the son while in the middle of the street. Luckily there weren't any cars but I figured this could be an issue.

Also since we live in an apartment they sometimes make quite a bit of noise barking at the other dogs, so I want to see how to make them chill a little, any training tips are appreciated"
1979,DogAdvice,Any And All Information Welcomed About Alaskan Huskies!,"My husband and I are thinking of getting an Alaskan Husky, but neither of us know much about the breed and their needs. Could anyone give any pointers and do’s/fonts of owning an Alaskan Husky? Any and all information is welcome and needed!"
1980,DogAdvice,Advice for keeping a dog permanently off the bed?,"Hello there!

I have a senior dog who went completely blind very abruptly a few days ago. The vet diagnosed her with glaucoma and she is receiving treatment, but it seems as though the blindness is going to be permanent. 

Which brings me to the question: how can I safely prevent my dog from jumping onto my bed?

My bed is very high - I am an average height woman and the top of it is at hip-level for me. She has never had trouble jumping up, even after going blind - but getting down has been trickier. She is afraid to jump because she can't see the floor (and it's a long way down to be jumping blind) but she also panics if I try to pick her up to put her on the floor. While this is what I've been doing, it is stressful for her and she has snapped at me more than once - so I think it is in both of our best interest to not continue doing that. 

While she has also made the jump down a few times, I'm worried about the possibility that she'll hurt herself - either from the actual jump, or from hitting any of the nearby furniture. 

I've tried giving her a step - a solid piece of furniture to hop onto between the bed and floor - but even if I picked her up and put her on it, she wouldn't go from there to the bed and I also couldn't coax her from the bed onto the step. 

My bedroom unfortunately doesn't have a surplus of free space, so I don't have any room for a ramp that would be large enough for her - and I don't believe that she'd be inclined to use one.

I feel like the safest solution long-term would be to prevent her from getting onto the bed at all - she'll be sad, I'll be sad, but I won't have to worry about her breaking her neck jumping down into a bookshelf. She does have a pet bed right next to mine that she uses sometimes already, and I'm hoping to make that her permanent sleep spot. 

I've mostly been looking at things like toddler rails, but as this is my first experience with a blind dog and I've never actually used these sorts of rails before, I don't know if they'd be sufficient to stop a 40 pound dog from just barreling through or around them. Has anyone here tried this approach before, or are there better solutions?

She's a very stubborn dog, so unfortunately I don't think I could trust training alone for her (Chow mix) - and while she has a crate, it is in a different room and I don't think she'd like being confined to it at night. It is unfortunately too large to have in my bedroom with the space I have available, and she likes to be where I am."
1981,DogAdvice,"Crazy itchy but not food, allergies or fleas?","My cockapoo is struggling so so bad with itching. It's awful just before bed its like he's going nuts and as he sleeps with us it keeps us awake. The vet has ruled out that it's not food, he was prescribed flea treatment so it's not that and he is on apoquel allergy tablets and they don't work for shit.
Nothing in his environment has changed but we just don't know where to start eliminating to see what triggers it.
The emergency vet gave him an injection and steroids and they worked instantly just with bad side effects and he can't be on them long term. Our regular vets are quick to prescribe multiple tablets at a high cost. (my cats on 3! and none work)
He goes back tomorrow but the next step is a more expensive allergy medication and then allergy tests. They think it's seasonal but it's been bad since June. 

What are common things I can remove to see if it helps?
He's on limited ingredient diet. We avoided grass on his walks. Pretty sure it's not the detergent for the bedding. We avoid chicken treats and he's not getting half as many. 
We have 5 cats so really hope it not them XD

I really appreciate any advice, suggestions anything that might help! TIA"
1982,DogAdvice,Dog Food Additives,What are some cheap Additives i can add to my dogs kibble he’s a husky akita mix. he doesn’t really eat his dog food anymore unless i wet it. what can i do / add to his food to interest him in it more ?
1983,DogAdvice,"Went to the vet for my dog, just want to double check, probitioics &amp; antibotics CAN go together for a pet, right?","I was at the vet with my dog, and they suggested he could have colitis, or his stomach is just really sensitive (like most Shepherds). They gave us both antibiotics (to be taken 1 &amp; a half, every day at 12 hours (does that mean 1.5 2x a day, or is it just 1 antibiotic in the day, then the half later?) and a large scoop of probiotics every 12 hours.

I just wanted to double-check if probiotics &amp; antibiotics actually works together, or if the probiotics won't do anything, 

I can't call my vet because it is a holiday today, and I am dumb for not listening to instructions more carefully."
1984,DogAdvice,My moms dog keeps attacking my cat.,"I don't know what to do or how to make my dog stop, she only started doing this a couple months ago, before that they were pretty neutral to each other and would even lay near each other, now my moms dog attacks my cat and she has a lot of bloody patches and missing fur cause of it, I don't know what to do about this so I'm asking for advice here."
1985,DogAdvice,My dog got stung by a wasp! My puppy was playing in a field and got stung by a wasp when I noticed the wasp was stuck on him I picked him up took the wasp off and wiped the area. A few hours later this mark has appeared when the wasp was. He’s had antihistamines what else can I do to help him?,
1986,DogAdvice,Dogs attack my dog,So I have a 2 year old pug who loves to go and adventure. The past couple months I have been taking him to my local dog park. He always keeps to himself and here and there will chase other dogs around the park but not often. On three separate occasions he has been randomly attacked by other dogs (nothing to injure more just scary). He loves the park so much but I am too scared to take him back. Does anyone know why dogs want to hurt him even though he doesn’t bother them?
1987,DogAdvice,Bump in dogs mouth - does anyone know what this is? Hes a 2 yr old Australian Sheppard/Golden Retriever mix,
1988,DogAdvice,Any idea on what this is?,
1989,DogAdvice,Why does my dog sit like this?,
1990,DogAdvice,My dog is shivering,"Hi,
So my male dog(beagle) who is just less than 3 years old was diagnosed with a UTI yesterday(after we spotted pink stains in his pee) and was prescribed antibiotics(cefquinome and marbofloxacin). I gave the first dose of those to him today. 
It’s night here right now and he’s been shaking nonstop since last 1hr. 
I think the shaking/shivering is originating from around his hind legs.

He’s lying down, but the shaking is not stopping. 

Is there anyway I can help him get through the night, before I visit the vet again tomorrow first thing in the morning? 
Or do I need to get him to the hospital right now under emergency services? 

Please help, thanks in advance."
1991,DogAdvice,Crying/Neediness help,"Looking for advice on how to curb crying/whining and neediness in a dog.

Bit of dog background: he's a giant breed mix, I rescued him when he was 1. Horribly behaved then, unsocialised and untrained. He's now 4. Has come on in leaps and bounds, is crate trained, semi-social with other dogs and lead/house trained etc. Doing so well! He's mostly stopped jumping when people come into the house- he absolutely adores all people. 

Bit of situation background: He's always been quite needy, since I got him. It took ages for him to stop crying/destroying things when I left the house. We're down to about 2 or 3 barks and a bit of crying before he settles now (have checked cams). But I got him when I was single, and now I'm seeing someone quite seriously. We're spending time between both houses. 

Now, the dog absolutely adores my boyfriend, and the Ukrainian couple he's hosting at his house. But that's now 4 people to contend with, all with different schedules. When I'm not there during the day, they sometimes want him out of the way (when cooking etc  as he's counter height). They'll sometimes have him in a different room with his bed. 

The issue: he seems to be crying and whimpering nonstop when he's not with people, and being a big dog he produces very loud crying! I've told them to ignore it and not give him attention, but any other solutions anyone can give, or tips? Was thinking a filled Kong each day when I leave, but also don't want him having too many treats!"
1992,DogAdvice,Help..I'm going to lose it...,"My 1.5 year old GBGV has so much energy that even other dogs at the dog park grow weary of her. Now that it is cold and I'm having a rough patch where I'm sick it's like all of the behavior training went out the window and she can't even go on a walk properly. This dog needs so much excersise and attention constantly I can't get anything done, rest etc. Having a really rough patch and need to vent. I've thought about adding another dog just to entertain her. I take her places and have almost had animal control called because she howls in the car constantly. Separation anxiety etc. What happened to my sweet dog??? I will never ever get a working breed like this again! Sorry. Sorry. I love this dog to pieces but have I possibly spoiled her to a point of bad behavior? There are only so many treat puzzles and dig park visits....I know she feels guilty because she begs for love when I get mad and I give in. This dog needs discipline and I don't know where to start anymore."
1993,DogAdvice,Help! I'm going to lose it...,
1994,DogAdvice,long tactical harness?,"Hello! We are looking to buy a tactical harness for our GSD. We are trying to find one that is durable, yet long where it covers a good portion of his back. Several we've tried from Amazon are great, but just seem super short and barely go past his mid back. Anyone have recommendations? Thank you in advance!"
1995,DogAdvice,Food prior to surgery suggestion,"My dog has a surgery scheduled to have a melanoma removed from his chin in the AM. He has been prescribed the evening prior and the morning of the surgery 600mg of Trazodone, 500mg of Gabapentin and 50mg of acepromazine (AM only). 

All of this medication is a total of 15 pills due to the mg limitations of the pills and his size. 

Dosing the evening prior is not an issue because I can mix it with his food, however, the 6am dose will be an issue without some food. 

Anyone have experience with this? Can I give him a small amount of food at 6am for a 8am drop off with a 11am surgical time?"
1996,DogAdvice,My dog ate my instant noodle,"I literally walked out of the room for 5 seconds before my 7 month puppy ate a few bites of my instant noodles. It has some dried onion in it. 

Do I need to try and make him throw it up? Do I need to go to the vets? PLEASE HELP!!!"
1997,DogAdvice,Poodle spends most of the time hiding,"My family has a miniature poodle, Diego. He spends most of his time hiding. He is very smart and understands our speech a lot, so he knows when we're planning something unpleasant for him.

Diego doesn't like going on walks. He has a knee issue, but the vet said that it shouldn't be a problem. He hates harnesses and any kind of clothes, so we use a collar and it helps a bit. He obviously doesn't enjoy grooming, nail clipping etc.

He's not treated badly in any way, although he was bullied by my brother's friends when he was a puppy (I HATE those kids).

Does anyone know why he hides so much and is it possible to train him out of it? It's so sad for both him and us, that he just lays under sofas all day."
1998,DogAdvice,Yellow waxy chunks in vomit,
1999,DogAdvice,Help with puppy fear of being alone,"Hi everyone! I just adopted a 9 week old American Staffy and he is the light of my life.
It has been only a week and honestly all my days evolve around him, even if I’m at work (like now lol) I am searching training tips or toys to get him.
Obviously since he’s a baby it has not been easy, my problem is that I live in a apartment with a roommate (I am planning on moving out soon so I don’t want my pup to get attached to them that much) and since it hasn’t been long since he got separated from his siblings and mom he hasn’t experienced being alone, and I am guilty of being with him almost 24h everyday since I got him…
Well I don’t know what to do to be honest, his playpen and crate stay in my room cause he’s my responsibility not my housemate (and they have their own pets too which also stay most of the time in their room) and every time I leave for work he just cries all night long ( I work night shifts). Honestly if it was just me I wouldn’t worry much cause I know i need to let him calm down by himself and give him time to get confident in being alone, but i’m worried about my housemate and my neighbors.
If anyone has any tips on how to make
him be more comfortable alone please share!"
